What if Google Morphed Into GoogleOS? What if Google expanded on its
search-engine (and now e-mail) wares into a full-fledged operating system? [via
Microsoft Watch from Mary Jo Foley ] 

(And, by the way, is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that
was a good thing?) This BuzzMachine post argues that Google's rush toward
ubiquity might backfire -- which we've all heard before, but it's particularly
well-put in this post. Google is a nice search engine. Does anybody use it for
anything else? They own blogger, of course. Is that a money maker? I'm staying
away from the stock. 

I doubt the very few who actually read my blog have not come across this yet,
but I figured I would put it out there anyways. John Donovan from Argghhh! has
put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in
Fallujah. Click here To view it. He makes some good observations on a few of the
pic's. One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah. On the next
two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's. Compare the flags to
the Fallujah one. You have to see these slides....they are amazing. This
Fallujah operation my turn out to be the most important operation done by the US
Military since the end of the war. 

Let me join the chorus of annoyance over Google's new toolbar , which, as noted
in the linked article, commits just about every sin an online marketer could
commit, and makes up a few new ones besides. I'm not fond of the
Google-hates-privacy argument (You don't need to use their site, you can opt-out
of sharing your information, you don't need to send stuff to anyone with a Gmail
account, and if -- wonder of wonders -- you're worried that you might send
something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then
store it on a Gmail account... you have far, far too much time on your hands).
However, this toolbar is really bad news. On the other hand, it looks pretty
cool. 

Iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons. The
United States doesn't believe the Iranian Government. One can suspect the
Iranian Government. But there is no proof . I read an Article in Time magazine
accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I
sympathise with the Article. They are certainly being nasty to the United
Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty. The
President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he
couldn't even begin to try without nuclear weapons. But he has insisted that he
wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes. Many people want to use diplomacy
with Iran rather than military pressure. But will diplomacy work? And can anyone
use military pressure without proof? One reader pointed out that the President
watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage. He has denied
this. We don't have to believe him. But we can't prove it. It does seem that
Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof. 

Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja (pop.
256,000) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops
were buried on Saturday. Reuters reported that "Sunni clerics in the town issued
a 'Declaration by the people of Fallujah' condemning the deaths of the security
guards and police, announcing three days of mourning, and calling for a general
strike today." It read, "The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was
committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah. Let
aggressive (American) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of
protecting the city's security and safety, and ask them to lift their hands from
the city." The clerics demanded talks with local US commanders. Falluja has long
been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there, since local Sunnis
either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists
or even radicals. Cities such as Falluja received special treatment from Saddam
and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country's wealth and power. They
know that the American advent implies for them a demotion, and an elevation of
the Shiites and Kurds, and they refuse to go quietly. See
http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=97508 

The Supreme Court announced its ruling today in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld divided along
idelogical lines with John Roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the D.C.
Circuit level and Anthony Kennedy joining the liberals in a 5-3 decision that is
185 pages long. The actual vote is a little confusing. Stay with me now: John
Paul STEVENS delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I through
IV, VI through VI-D-iii, VI-D-v, and VII, in which KENNEDY, SOUTER, GINSBURG,
and BREYER joined, and an opinion with respect to Parts V and VI-D-iv, in which
SOUTER, GINSBURG, and BREYER joined. BREYER filed a concurring opinion, in which
KENNEDY, SOUTER, and GINSBURG joined. KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in
part, in which SOUTER, GINSBURG, and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II. SCALIA
filed a dissenting opinion, in which THOMAS and ALITO joined. THOMAS filed a
dissenting opinion, in which SCALIA joined, and in which ALITO joined as to all
but Parts I, II-C-1, and III-B-2. ALITO filed a dissenting opinion, in which
SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III. It will take me a little
while to read the whole thing, but I rarely agree with a John Paul Stevens
opinion. I'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when I'm finished. 

Important news such as President Bush's miniscule calibrations on his marriage
amendment/anti-gay (update: he's not against gays in the bedroom, just at the
altar, where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but
should be constitutionally excluded) has pushed Sudan not just off the front
pages, or the A section, but out of the NY Times and Washington Post completely.
I had to go to the BBC for this report . It's symptomatic, I suppose, of our
fast-paced, 24 hour news-cycle lives, that the biggest short-term humanitarian
crisis in the world would quickly be eclipsed, once our Secretary of State was
finished with his whirlwind tour, from the newspapers. It's just disappointing.
Most troubling, however, is the fact that the political will to end the crisis
expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed. At that time, UN Secretary
General Kofi Annan demanded steps be taken to end the ethnic violence in Darfur
within 48 hours. Two weeks later, and the violence continues. The African Union
is clearly not up to the task of keeping the peace, pledging 300 troops to an
area that will need 15,000, according to analysts. And international donors have
given only half of the relief aid that Darfur needs, according to the local UN
officials. So hear we are, two weeks later, after that dazzling PR display two
weeks ago by Powell and Annan, and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears
basically unchanged. 

Warren Buffett is giving away 85% of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda
Gates Foundation. It's a move that really worries me; Buffett's usual
justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding
the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate, so any gifts now would mean
significantly less money for the foundation later. It's a little hard to parse,
but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good
money-redistributors, and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible.
Which essentially sounds like he's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die
soon. I assume his actual reason is that he's worried that Berkshire Hathaway
just can't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy. I'm not sure
how the market will react. It doesn't change the company's intrinsic worth, and
as the article notes, the company might be added to a major index once the
shares get more liquid. On the other hand, this is essentially a statement that
the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be
the best investor of the last century. em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly
invests in medical research and education, that means donating now adds a
tremendous value compared to donating in ten years. Because the 10.000.000
people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead. i.e. He's not giving 85% away,
he's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of
5% a year (until gone?). He mentions his wife's death having an effect on him.
It sounds pretty rational that he's saying that Bill and Melinda are at a prime
spot, so starting the money hose now is a good idea, but Buffet is still keeping
most of his donation inside of Berkshire where it will compound. 

Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN,
even the leftist countries in Europe, are basically accepting terrorist
organizations as legitimate forms of a political party: On the same day
Palestinians protest in support of Hezbollah and Syria , the terrorist group
Hamas has indicated it will participate in the scheduled upcoming Parliamentary
elections . To the north in Lebanon, there is serious debate within Hezbollah
about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria's promised
withdrawal. Syria has agreed to withdraw under the conditions set forth in UNSC
Resolution 1559 , which has already begun . UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan has
indicated it is time to "recognize Hezbollah" after easily being duped by "the
message on the placards they are using". This acceptance of blatantly terrorist
groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the United
Nations and the media. Over three years after 9-11, the United Nations, despite
their attempts to project strength in fighting terrorism , still cannot properly
define the word "terrorist" , waffling over the issue of whether the murder of
innocent civilians are terrorist acts. The media routinely obscures the lines
between terrorism and legitimate resistance, as the recent article by Daniel
Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates . ... The decision to sidestep the
obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace, but
only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of Hamas and Hezbollah
exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media. I've been
fuming over this fact for a few weeks now, ever since some organizations and
governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get
involved in running Lebanon. Wtf is this? This is a terrorist organization plain
and simple. This is the organization that bombed our Marine barracks in 1983,
took Americans hostage throughout the 80's and now they should be considered a
legitimate organization? This is just another reason to never trust the MSM, and
certainly not the Europeans. 

The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid, has been among the few Sunni
Muslim groups willing to cooperate (even if rather lukewarmly) with the
Americans. It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government.
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the
elections scheduled for January, and had been opposed in this stance by the
Association of Muslim Scholars. That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now
contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a
mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing, thus fatally
weakening the legitimacy of any new government. Az-Zaman : The Association of
Muslim Scholars forbade Iraqis to participate in the attack on Fallujah with the
Americans. In a communique, the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with
"raiding forces" in the assault on a city, the population of which is Muslim
(such as Fallujah) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins. The Sunni
AMS told Iraqis, "You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the
assault on Najaf, and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah. Remember
that the Occupation is emphemeral." The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a
statement forbidding the participation of Iraqi troops in the attack on
Fallujah, as well. The statement said, "We direct an appeal at the men in the
Iraqi forces, whether national guards or others, the majority of whom are
Muslim, calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the
banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic
humanity, and we ask them to view this war as illegal." It called a "ploy" the
assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah. The
convergence of views among the more militant Sunni Muslim clerics of AMS and the
radical Shiites of the Sadr movement has been seen before, last spring during
the initial US assault on Fallujah and during the US attack on Mahdi Army
militiamen in Najaf. Most Shiites, however, are still reluctant to take major
risks to support the Sunnis of Fallujah, many of whom had supported Saddam and
his anti-Shiite pogroms. 

President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words:
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday
for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a "war with Islamic
fascists," saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions. U.S. officials
have said the plot, thwarted by Britain, to blow up several aircraft over the
Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda. "We believe this is an
ill-advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate Islam
or Muslims with fascism," said Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on
American-Islamic Relations advocacy group. Which is why he didn't say we're at
war with Islamic people. We're at war with Islamic fascists. By using the word
"Islamic" as an adjective Bush was purposely not associating Muslims with
fascism, hence the qualifier. And if you haven't heard by now, the roster of
suspected terrorists has not a Tom, Dick or Harry among them: Umir Hussain, 24,
London E14 Muhammed Usman Saddique, 24, London E17 Waheed Zaman, 22, London E17
Assan Abdullah Khan, 22, London E17 Waseem Kayani, 28, High Wycombe Waheed
Arafat Khan, 24, London E17 Cossor Ali, 24, London E17 Tayib Rauf, 21,
Birmingham Ibrahim Savant, 26, London E17 Osman Adam Khatib, 20, London E17
Shamin Mohammed Uddin, 36, Stoke Newington Amin Asmin Tariq, 23, London E17
Shazad Khuram Ali, 27, High Wycombe Tanvir Hussain, 24, London E10 Umar Islam,
28, (born Brian Young) High Wycombe Assad Sarwar, 25, High Wycombe Abdullah Ali,
26, London E17 Abdul Muneem Patel, 17, London E5 Nabeel Hussain, 21, Waltham
Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in
Canada a few months ago: Fahim Ahmad, 21, Toronto; Zakaria Amara, 20,
Mississauga, Ont.; Asad Ansari, 21, Mississauga; Shareef Abdelhaleen, 30,
Mississauga; Qayyum Abdul Jamal, 43, Mississauga; Mohammed Dirie, 22, Kingston,
Ont.; Yasim Abdi Mohamed, 24, Kingston; Jahmaal James, 23, Toronto; Amin Mohamed
Durrani, 19, Toronto; Steven Vikash Chand alias Abdul Shakur, 25, Toronto; Ahmad
Mustafa Ghany, 21, Mississauga; Saad Khalid, 19, of Eclipse Avenue, Mississauga.
We've got a Steven, the one word that didn't crash my spell-check, despite it
being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur. Folks, if it's Islamic, and
fascist, it's an Islamic fascist. But because we don't want to sound hateful we
must pretend everyone's a possible suspect and make airline travel more
miserable than it's ever been. 

On the internet site of Monotheism and Holy War (al-Tawhid wa al-Jihad) , the
group allegedly declared, "We announce that the Tawhid and Jihad Group, its
prince and soldiers, have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen
Osama bin Laden." This pledge is a new development. Abu Musab al-Zarqawi and his
group are said to have been bitter rivals of al-Qaeda during the Afghan
resistance days. One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that
Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al-Qaeda
in the early zeroes of the 21st century. If the statement is true, it is a
worrying sign that even the divided small radical guerrilla groups are being
"picked up" by al-Qaeda. This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush's
aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath. It is a
setback for the war on terror. Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few
hundred "Afghan Arabs" who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden. It
could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000-strong "55th Brigade" of the
Taliban regime, though this is not the technical definition. Because Usamah is
Saudi, my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of
the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia's some 15 million
citizens. In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al-Jihad al-Islami
group of Ayman al-Zawahiri (many of these were from Upper Egypt, especially
Asyut and environs). After that point, al-Qaeda was a joint enterprise between
the Egyptian extremists and the polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden, only some of
whom were Saudi. Zarqawi is a Jordanian, and his Monotheism and Holy War group
in Afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly Jordanian,
Palestinian and Syrian. They also had a special connection to some extremists in
Jordan and Germany. They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi
school of modern Islamic thought, which has a Protestant-like emphasis on going
back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad.
(Most Salafis are not militant or violent, though they tend to be rather
narrow-minded in my experience, on the order of Protestant Pietists). Monotheism
and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism, rather as
the the leaders of the so-called German Peasant Rebellion among early
Protestants did. Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni
fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism
and Holy War, and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia. These have
been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra. So
now there are hundreds of al-Qaeda members in Iraq where there had been none
before. The consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with
al-Qaeda can also be seen in the case of the Fizazi group in Tangiers that
morphed into the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , had members who met with
September 11 ringleader Muhammad Atta, and ultimately was in part responsible
for the Madrid train bombings. 

The September 11 Panel will issue its findings on Thursday. It notes 10 points
at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden's plot. Four
of these were under Clinton and 6 under Bush. Bush came out today and said that
if he had known what was coming, he would have expended every effort to stop it,
and that so would have Clinton. This statement is, despite its facade of
fair-mindedness, so many weasel words. Of course Bush would have tried to stop
9/11 if he had known it was coming. The question is, "Should he have known it
was coming?" The answer is, "Yes!" We now know that Bush and his administration
came into office obsessed with Iraq. Cheney was looking at maps of Iraq oil
fields and muttering about opportunities for US companies there, already in
January or February of 2001. Wolfowitz contradicted counter-terrorism czar
Richard Clarke when the latter spoke of the al-Qaeda threat, insisting that the
preeminent threat of terrorism against the US came from Iraq, and indicating he
accepted Laurie Mylroie's crackpot conspiracy theory that Saddam was behind the
1993 World Trade Towers bombing. If you believe crackpot theories instead of
focusing on the reality--that was an al-Qaeda operation mainly carried out by
al-Gamaa al-Islamiyyah, an Egyptian terrorist component allied with Bin Laden--
then you will concentrate on the wrong threat. Even after the attacks on
September 11, Bush was obsessing about Iraq. Wolfowitz lied to him and said that
there was a 10 to 50% chance that Iraq was behind them. (On what evidence? The
hijackers were obviously al-Qaeda, and no operational links between al-Qaeda and
Iraq had ever been found). Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al-Qaeda
bases in Afghanistan, saying there were "no good targets" in Afghanistan. (What
about 40 al-Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists
gunning for the United States??) The Pentagon did not even have a plan for
dealing with Afghanistan or al-Qaeda that it could pull off the shelf, according
to Bob Woodward. Bush did not have his eye on the ball. Neither did Cheney,
Rumsfeld, or Wolfowitz. They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam's great white
whale. Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and
counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin
Laden and the threat he posed. They were from all accounts marginalized and not
listened to. Bush demoted Dick Clarke, among the most vocal and focused of the
al-Qaeda experts, from his cabinet. Dick could never thereafter get any real
cooperation from the cabinet officers, who outranked him, and he could not
convince them to go to battle stations in the summer of 2001 when George Tenet's
hair was "on fire" about the excited chatter the CIA was picking up from radical
Islamist terrorists. As for the Clinton administration, let me say one thing in
its defense. Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops
team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar, based from Pakistan. I presume you need the
Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong. You also need
Pakistani air space. The plan was all set and could have succeeded. But in fall
of 1999, Gen. Pervez Musharraf made a coup against Nawaz Sharif. The Pakistani
army was rife with elements protective of the Taliban, and the new military
government reneged on the deal. Musharraf told Clinton he couldn't use Pakistani
soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden. Look at a map and you
try to figure out how, in fall of 1999, you could possibly pull off such an
operation without Pakistani facilities. Of course, you could just go in by main
force. But for those of you tempted in that direction, please look up Carter's
Tabas operation. It should be easily googled. Clinton tried, and tried hard. The
gods weren't with us on that one. 

that is how i want you to refer to me as "the king" i don't think so. i'm the
king 

yeah sounds exciting. want to go to dinner with me before you have your 'matt
time'? probablyl gonna just kick it 

you know, whatever. i will let you know later. what are you doing tonight. like
what? i can think of a few things 

your retarded. i used to have one. they are great dogs. cockerspaniels are
retarded. why do you think i should get one of those? 

can't believe you left last night. nice sarcasm. that's fine, i don't want to
see you either, i just need to make a cd. i can't wait 

i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket, like tony's. someplace that is
like $30 an entree. yeah, i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald's. that may be
too nice though. what do you think? we can go somewhere nice. real nice. 

oh. my bad. i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet
with. bet? really, i have no idea what you're talking about. you must be
thinking of someone else. i don't even like a&m, i wouldn't bet on them.
colorado beat texas a&m. i know you remember the bet. 

no. i got her number though. i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown
leather jacket. what happened to you? i had a blast that night. did you hook up
with that blonde chick saturday night? no i am not lying. i flew here last
night. are you lying? i am out of town. i am in portland. you can buy me dinner
when we get back. 

i am sure they are. houston won't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect
satelite offices. economy should be good here. hopefully she doesn't hose you.
I'll probably start looking next weekend. I heard that more may be going up for
sale in the next month or do. Someone told me that Chase is planning a shitload
of layoffs. I am not sure how reliable that is, though. she is waiting to see if
she can get financing. 

Mike McConnell 07/06/2000 14:57 John, Hello from South America. I just got your
email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call. He has maintained a good
relationship with Mulva. This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances
from Phillips regarding performance. I don't know how much it will help however.
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure
you've already gone through it with them. I am amazed how the details get fuzzy
on an old project. When you discussed it, i was trying to think back to our
remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult. I don't know if
there is anything I can do but I'm always willing to help. Good luck, Mike 

These guys tried the Ken Lay route. Now they are part of your working group.
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone:
212-902-3724 Fax: 212-428-1181 E-Mail: hilary.ackermann@gs.com Dear Mr.
Lavorato: Following up on your and Ken Lay's conversation with Gary Cohn, I
would like to forward the following proposal, acting for each of Goldman Sachs
Capital Markets and J.Aron. Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk
Management & Advisory Phone: 212-902-3724 Fax: 212-428-1181 E-Mail:
hilary.ackermann@gs.com Not going well Hello Louise, I know you must be going
nuts with all the events, so I have not called. Hope you will be sorted. Call me
if you have time. M Please update daily Louise, There are only two
counterparties at this time who have overdue margin: Original Margin Call Margin
Due Today Kinder Morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000 AEP $19,250,000 $38,750,000
------------------------------ Totals $22,750,000 $40,000,000 Please let us know
if you need any additional information. Stephanie 

not sure, but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine. is it for guitar?
I'll need to ponder. I'll try to get back to you pronto. FYI. We have this
report? Hi David: Thought that you might be interested. Best, Jeff Well, he
launched today. Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he
launched today? I think this is actually a good thing--makes our proposal look
like a much more preferable alternative by comparison, makes our support in the
process more important, and sets Harvey up as the Ralph Nader equivalent in the
election to fix California's broken system---a potential spoiler. Hi. Well,
wouldn't you know it. I'm not driving tonite, but I bet that we could hitch a
ride back with Anil. I'm not sure, but I think that he's got class tonite, too.
I'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up.

daily dose on enron - we are finished. i need to now get a job at house of pies
b/c that is the only way to pay the bills. the economy is down and when enron
collapses, the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt. not to mention
the market is going to be flooded with enron folks . can't go to anymore lsu
games unless i get a free ticket. Since work has gone to hell, I am hoping to
find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl (if
Rohan "Alabama" Davey shows up for the next 3 games.) However, do not purchase
tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last
season. http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16473
http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16475
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsunotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/secnotes08.html
http://www.nola.com/lsu/t-p/football/index.ssf?/lsustory/lsufoe08.html i have
stronger will than you think. house of pies here i come. i am sure i could have
persuaded you to give me some action. why is enron blowing up? i didn't want you
to go. i was just going to sleep anyway. i was too tired to give you any action.
enron is blowing up. 

Vince, We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction, now that the forex
desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market. Further to my voicemail,
our colleagues in credit are calculating the reserve on the PSE swap. They are
currently using 9.5% fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility. Volatility of
USD/DM has been in the range of between 7% and 11%. Can one of your research
staff justify a suitable 20 year volalatility number for USD/Euro. Ideally, we
would like a fast turnaround. In addition, is there someone who could consider
the correlation between US CPI and the $/euro exchange rate. The credit guys are
currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double
dipping the credit reserve on this basis too. Grateful for any help or
suggestions you could provide. Sid Vincent, I met you at the Risk conference
last week in Houston. I enjoyed your presentations very much. I was wondering if
you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation
coefficients from a GARCH model. Thank you. Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB
Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly, Inc. (202)
828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street, N.W. (202) 296-3858 facsimile Washington,
D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail 

Andrew Edison@ENRON 06/02/2001 10:53 AM I have settled the Ecogas/Enron/Randy
Maffett lawsuit. No need to thank me,just send me gifts. Seriously, I talked
this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $53,000. Hall
has agreed to release Enron, Ecogas, Maffett and every affiliate, related party
and subsidiary. He will also release any and all patent issues. The goal is for
him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well. I have asked Doug
Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement. Please
handle. Becky Stephens@ENRON 06/12/2000 10:20 AM Richard, below is a list of oc
invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00. Please verify receipt at your
earliest convenience. Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices.
Holland & Hart, LLP; #432785 dated 4/14/00 Michael L. Beatty & Associates, PC;
#10461, #10469 & #10468 dated 5/28/00. Becky A. Stephens Litigation Unit, Enron
Corp. 713/853-5025 EB4809 I am on board. If the PX comes back again, I will call
their in-house attys. Christian Yoder/ENRON@enronXgate 06/04/2001 05:54 PM Can
you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well? We are
renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders. However,
the request below is to "replenish" the CASH that was drawn down...please
advise. I agree with Steve's position stated in his separate e'mail. Don't give
these guys a penny.----cgy Tracy, Do we have concerns here. We pointed out to
the PX that there was excess credit. By using collateral to pay these bills are
we not keeping required levels available? 

Sara, Attached below is Davis Thames' presentation regarding the proposed
Project Bruin. I will forward the draft Bear Stearns term sheet separately. Paul
Team, sorry for the delay on getting this around. Please advise when you can
meet to discuss issues related to your area. Thanks - Davis Clint: I spoke with
Mike Collins [203-719-8385 (phone) and 203-719-7031 (fax)] who conrfirmed to me
that the cap included the remaining 2.5+million remaining shares. Please return
an executed copy of confirm to me. Thanks. sara My assistant Joanne Rozycki has
cell, car numbers to reach me. I'll be back on Monday. Sara Shackleton Enron
Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX 77002 Ph: (713)
853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490 Thanks. SS Sara, Currently we have a blank "sample"
for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for (a) US
Corporate, (b) Hedge Funds, (c) Municipal. I will extract the one for the US
corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @ First Union Securities. The
sample includes our "caveat", so it should be fine. Susan Susan: While Tanya is
reviewing credit, can you please send a "blank form Paragraph 13" for this
master. Just our standard. Caveat: subject to credit review even though there
are blanks. Thanks. Sara First Union Securities, Inc. Hi Sara, I just wanted to
follow up on whether you will have a chance to send a draft Credit Support Annex
(similar in form to the one previously executed with ENA). I understand you may
not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections
blank in the meantime. Thanks and regards, Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President
Equity Derivatives First Union Securities, Inc. Telephone: (212) 909-0951
Facsimile: (212) 891-5042 email: vijay.suchdev@funb.com
<mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com> 

Michael Olsen@ENRON 12/07/2000 02:29 PM Daren, I was wondering if it would be OK
for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the
process. Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the
process as a whole. I understand the imminent cold weather is making things
crazy, so now may not be the best time to be in your way. But let me know if I
can spend a day, morning, or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever
it is a good time. I think it will help me very much in my role. Thanks. Mike
The new fixed price deal with Equistar is #365013. D Daren We just did a deal
for the rest of the month for 10,000/d at meter # 1552 QE-1 @ $4.355 .... can
you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is? Thanks Melissa, I show
that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th. Daren August 11,2000 Teco Tap
108.333 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron August 12,
2000 Teco Tap 85.000 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron LS HPL LSK IC 20.000 / Enron
August 13, 2000 Teco Tap 32.500 / HPL IFERC ; 20.000 / Enron I'm working hard
for you! Now at 83.5. I need a new lawnmower, so I'll try to bump it up a little
more. Hope you're doing good. D ??? KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK. ? WE AT HOME LOVE IT
AT $80+++ ? KEN These have been sold. Geoff, Thanks for the pictures. Looks like
the kids had a great time! I hope you don't mind, but I've taken liberty to turn
them into a web photo album at
http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday. If you want to pass this
web site address along to other folks, feel free. If you want a CD copy of this
web site, give me a yell. Thanks, Ram Tackett, (mailto:rtackett@abacustech.net)
Owner, Abacus Technologies 17611 Loring Lane, Spring, TX 77388-5746
(281)651-7106;Fax(281)528-8636 Web: http://www.abacustech.net - Ram Tackett
(E-mail).vcf 4222 

Debra Perlingiere Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction. Debra
Perlingiere Are you free for lunch some day this week? Also, I have an extra
ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go? The game is at
12:Sat @ Compaq Center. Would love for you to join us. I am bringing two of my
girlfriends from LJ. Debra Perlingiere Stacey here is the Master draft we
discussed. I am sending you a version with comments. dp Could one of you please
email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase
agreements? As we're getting more and more of those agreements, I'd like to add
a template in Global Contracts. Thanks! Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net
Works, LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com (713) 853-0569 Office
(713) 646-2495 Fax (713) 710-6084 Pager Today is good 12:30 ? Cafeteria is fine.
I'm free any day but Tuesday. I better pass on the Comets game. My weekends seem
to be taken up with condo matters, house hunting. Thank you though. Are you free
for lunch today. I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables. Let me know if
you are interested. Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal,
EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906 Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address:
janette.elbertson@enron.com Are you free for lunch some day this week? Also, I
have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go? The
game is at 12:Sat @ Compaq Center. Would love for you to join us. I am bringing
two of my girlfriends from LJ. Debra Perlingiere ok call me Maybe 12:15? Janette
Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906
Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com Today is
good 12:30 ? Cafeteria is fine. I'm free any day but Tuesday. I better pass on
the Comets game. My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters, house
hunting. Thank you though. Are you free for lunch today. I want to go to the
cafeteria for vegetables. Let me know if you are interested. Janette Elbertson
Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal, EB3326 Telephone: (713) 853-7906
Facsimile: (713) 646-2600 e-mail address: janette.elbertson@enron.com 

Move-Team@ENRON 09/20/2000 03:22 PM Sent by: John Salinardo@ENRON it is to late
for me to add changes. We will have to correct them after the churn. Thank you
for you patience. The Dow topped out in February of 1966 at 995. By September of
that year the Dow had tumbled to 744. The Dow then rallied to a high of 943 in
September of '67. By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825, only to climb to a
highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68. The Dow then sank to 631 in
December of '70. By April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950, only to fall
to 869 in February of '72. A big rally then took the Dow (unconfirmed) to a
record high of 1051 in January of '73, turning everyone bullish. But by December
of '73 the Dow had collapsed to 788. Think that was bad - by December of '74 the
Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577. At that time, the gurus and geniuses
of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the
end of capitalism. Of course, that was the bottom And that's the way the
greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down. By late 1974
investors were dizzy, they were desperate, they were wrung-out, they had left
Wall Street, many for good. great, we look forward to seeing you. DEBRA
PERLINGIERE 09/20/2000 09:32 AM I will not be there at 7:30, but will see you
arond 9:30 on Tuesday. Many thanks! Debra Perlingiere Edward Terry 09/08/2000
09:55 AM FYI, Per the memo, ENA's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588
mmbtu!!!!!! Robert D Morgan 09/08/2000 09:36 AM The results of the February 26th
PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last
three months. As we have discussed....effective Sep 13th, Anita will make the
adjustments to Enron's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th
results. I talked with Gary Wilson, and he confirmed that the revised values are
correct. Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values. The correction to
the working gas includes TWO corrections. The results of the February 26th test
reduces the working gas by 398,487MMBTU. In addition, there is a reduction of
22,101MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA values (Best Available)
that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet and the "official" February
29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS. To summarize: Enron's pad gas
will now be 3,993,310MMBTU, instead of 4,223,000MMBTU. Enron's working gas will
be reduced by 420,588MMBTU. Call me if there are any questions. fyi 

yeah i got yelled at also. i tried to say i wasn't that drunk but z wasn't
having any of that conversation. she told me that after friday and saturday she
felt i was slowly regressing. then i told her i felt i should be able to screw
missy just once. she said that was ok. Did you get in as much trouble as I did
this weekend - Lori seems to think I need to get help - I told her it's normal
to drink all day at a bar, then go to dinner where you don't know half the
people there and proceed to get extremely fucked up *******************Internet
Email Confidentiality Footer******************* Privileged/Confidential
Information may be contained in this message. If you are not the addressee
indicated in this message (or responsible for delivery of the message to such
person), you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone. In such case, you
should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email. Please
advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for
messages of this kind. Opinions, conclusions and other information in this
message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be
understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. Job ID: J12746KM Job Title:
Attorney Location: Houston, Texas USA Compensation: $60000 - 70000 Description:
Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their
team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense. They offer an exceptional
compensation package including a healthy salary, comprehensive benefits program,
and ample room for associates to grow within the firm. KM Requirements: You'll
be able to use your 1-4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your
desire to stay with the firm. Company: Marvel Consultants, Inc. 28601 Chagrin
Blvd. Cleveland, Ohio 44122 USA Email: recruiters@marvelconsultants.com
<mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com> Phone: 216-292-2855 Fax: 216-292-7207
thanks I've thought about you a few times in the last few months, didn't want to
intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions. I'm hearing
some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE. I wish I had the
capital to open my own shop?there will be talent and opportunity a plenty on the
market soon. I'll ask around?I've got some friends at Duke and Dynegy from
B-school, the Gianoucous (spelling??) brothers (John and Dimitri?from elementary
school) started their own outfit a while back, and my old man is at Schlumberger
and has good contacts in general (if you aren't married to a trading
environment). Give me a few days, and I'll be in touch. Michael you guys have
any job opening for ex natural gas traders that made their now almost defunctc
ompany over 40 million in the last two years? not sure how much longer ene is
going to be around and i'm checking out my options! 

Rodgers As we discussed, here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter. I
drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term
and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind.
Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can
revise accordingly. Thanks Elizabeth 36349 see you there at 4:00 unless I call
you Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 02/28/2001 03:16 PM Please use
the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses. Please
be brief! Mark E Haedicke Sent by: Janette Elbertson 02/28/2001 04:41 PM Please
update the attached Legal Risk Report. Send the revised report by e-mail. Thank
you. Mike Curry 11/14/2000 11:37 AM With Elizabeth's comments added to
summary... yuk. so sorry to have to cancel that deal is making like it wants to
close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up don't they know we have
better things to do here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving sorry
again per my vm John Lamb@ENRON 11/15/2000 11:58 AM Attached are clean and
blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI's
obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ("PPA")
and Green Premium Sharing Agreement ("GSPA").? The guaranty for the PPA is
blacklined against the Enron EPC Contract guaranty in favor of the banks which
was granted in connection with our Cabazon Wind Power Project (the project most
recently financed by EWC) and the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA
guaranty. As we discussed last week, since the Enron guaranties will need to be
in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants,
we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing
and that was negotiated by Enron and the banks. We plan to use the same basic
form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to
the seller's obligations under the PPA. We will forward the draft of that
guaranty to you later today. Please feel free to give me a call if you have any
questions concerning the attached guaranties. Thank you. - PPA Guaranty.doc -
GPSA Guaranty.doc - REDLINE GPSA Guaranty.doc - REDLINE PPA Guaranty.doc ?
Sheila Tweed 03/26/2001 08:58 PM Mary Hain 03/23/2001 12:24 PM I am going to be
the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on April 9, 2001. My
last day in the Portland area will be March 31, 2001. I enjoyed working with you
and wish you the best of everything. My new address will be: Mary Hain Senior
Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke, MA 01040-2841
(413) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com Mark Here is a revised draft of the CDWR risk
memo. Events change everyday. This morning's paper reports that a rate increase
of 40% may be imposed by the CDWR as early as today and the new bond issue
amount is purported to be 16 billion (rather than the 10 initially discussed)
Mark As we discussed, here is a copy of the draft memo. Thanks Elizabeth 36349
see you there on court 10 ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call Here
is latest draft of risk memo (STILL IN DRAFT FORM). I faxed comments to you on
dash. Do you have any current info on deal status? Thanks Elizabeth 36349 

Vince, Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday? Frank
Sheridan, I have just checked with RAC (David Gorte) and we have a green light
to go ahead with the project. I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details. Vince
Sheridan Titman <titman@mail.utexas.edu> on 01/24/2001 02:45:50 PM Vince: I just
wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a
couple of weeks ago. Perhaps, we should start with just a 1 or 2 day contract
where I give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to
Houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional
work. regards, Sheridan Sheridan Titman Department of Finance College of
Business Administration University of Texas Austin, Texas 78712-1179
512-232-2787 (phone) 512-471-5073 (fax) titman@mail.utexas.edu Bryan, Did you
have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you? He looked like a great
guy for your group. Vince David, A reminder. We discussed a few days ago a
consulting arrangement with Prof. Sheridan Titman from UT. Any feedback from
Rick Buy? Please, let me know. 42299 Vince Kevin Kindall@ENRON 01/24/2001 03:51
PM Per our conversation yesterday... Hi Kevin, Further to your call attached is
a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in
the fall of 2000. I'll try and send one of Peter Cox' as well but may have some
problems due to file size. In any event, my presentation should give you a
starting point. Mike - Cfoforum.ppt Darrell, Thanks a lot. A quick question: we
haven't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews. Please,
make sure that we are billed. Clewlow/Strickland book is out. I shall send you a
copy today. Vince Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU> on 01/24/2001 03:17:01 PM
Please respond to Darrell Duffie <duffie@Stanford.EDU> Vince/ Taiichi In case
you are interested, I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling. Best,
Darrell _____________________________________________ Darrell Duffie mail GSB
Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email
duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/
_____________________________________________ - Paper4.pdf Al, I have spoken
with Mark Lay and he is interested. Even if we cannot help you here in Enron, he
may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town. Please, call him
directly and give my name as a reference. (713) 853-7408 Good luck. Vince Vince
J Kaminski 01/24/2001 11:21 AM Al, I have called Mark Lay and left a message on
his voice mail. Vince Al Arfsten <arfsten@bflassociates.com> on 01/24/2001
11:16:25 AM Vince: Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one
of the Lays is welcomed. I hope that this would mean that you would remain
involved at some level. The design of the model and its potential economics
could be key to how worthy the effort might be. Enron could be an ideal
environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization
could be successfully accomplished. Please confidentially share matters as you
think best and advise me of the interest generated. I am ready to meet there at
your building or elsewhere that is appropriate. Best regards, Al Arfsten 713 965
2158 Martin, No problem. Please, ask Stinson as well. Vince I thought that since
Chonawee has an optimization background, he would be good to have him go to
dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well. Would this be fine? Thanks, Martin 

We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders. Once we get the word
from Lavo we'll let you know. Thanks KK Kam, Are there any new developments in
the trader world? We still have the traders and books that you provided last
week, but need to know if there are any changes to this. Please let us know if
you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books. Thanks,
Dawn Hey, I am going to have to miss your wedding. Unfortunately, I will be in
Plano that weekend. I wish I could make it. What's going on with the UBS weather
position? Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better?
Talk to you soon, Kam Hey guys, I am being told by my better half that we need
to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding. If you would
be so kind, could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple
of days? For those of you who already sent us an RSVP response recently, please
disregard. Thanks for your help! Jeff WT Cal has been added. Could you run those
additional post-id's? There are deals in the Aruba book so I'm not sure why you
aren't picking those up. The deals are listed below. Thanks EY4096.1 PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P 6,363,217 -$ 250,393 EY4096.3 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 202,989 $
195,610 EY4096.4 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 F 0 $ 31,180 EY4096.7 PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P -6,363,217 -$ 55,678 EY4106.6 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -1,993,045 -$
32,387 EY4106.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 1,993,045 -$ 43,548 EY4106.9 PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P 27,886 $ 27,361 EY4108.E PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 12,514,373 -$
265,932 EY4108.F PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 112,610 $ 110,555 EY4108.H PERFORMANCE
01-Feb-02 P -2,239,879 -$ 36,398 EY4108.I PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P -10,274,494 -$
166,960 Thanks As seen below, Please start using the ENA DPR 0102 file rather
than the EWS DPR 2002 file to send to Chris. The positions needed to be divided
to reflect BCF's. Thanks Kam could you also CC me the first few times you send
it? While our established schedules of Tuesday and Friday DPR's would have us
reporting tomorrow's activity on Monday, we will change that for month end.
Please email the January 31st DPR information for your respective groups to my
attention by noon on Friday. You should use the same spreadsheet format used for
the 1/29/02 DPR. All p&l and PRMA numbers should be in $'000's. Starting in
February, you will be able to export the data, as opposed to using the
spreadsheets. Thanks, Chris Abel Manager, Risk Controls Global Risk Operations
chris.abel@enron.com <mailto:chris.abel@enron.com> 713.853.3102 Kristen,
Attached are all live financial deals by risk type. As you can see, the price
data is too large to fit into one tab. After tomorrow, I will no longer have
access to the estate files. Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility
for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests
going forward. Thanks Kam Ed, Here is a list of the risk people that will be
with the estate. After this weekend, we will no longer have access to the estate
files, these people will be able to help you with any of your questions. We will
still be around to assist them if needed. Thanks KK Here you go... AC Sanjeev, I
should have a list of post-id's for you by 4:30 today. After friday, I will no
longer have access to the estate, so if you could shoot this off over night so I
could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it. Let me
know if that doesn't seem possible. Thanks Kam 

Hi I´m from Brazil and I want to know of book 06.Is good or bad?what's your
opinion?kisses leli its good. u must read it. pairing up of harry and ginny is
cool Its awesome- better than book 5 

An orphaned, two-month old African elephant named Olly received an extremely
uplifting Christmas present this year: an airplane ride just for him, courtesy
of the International Fund for Animal Welfare and their friends 'The Bateleurs'.
Animal News Center Webmaster 

Hello, We have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion
on Astrology & Palmistry and everything in between including Gemology, Feng
Shui/Vaastu Shastra. We look forward to your active participation to make this
forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals. Regards Swetha 

Play your CD's, 8-tracks, reel to reels, cassettes, vinyl 33/45's, and shellac
78's through this little integrated amp, you'll get a big eye opener ! complete
with original Magnavox tubes- all tubes have been tested they are all good-
stereo amp 

Heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage By Deb Price / The Detroit News Deb
Price When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy
marriage with Janice, his wife of 35 years, one special ingredient might
surprise you: Double-dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay. 

* Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar, up above the world so high,
sun has risen in the sky, uthke jaldi pee le chai, then call me up and say "HI"
** Good Morning* * Have a Nice Day* ** ** -- Thanks and Regard Rajendra
rajendra.o...@gmail.com image_gif_part 81K Download 

I just finish reading a really good book (it was actually a ebook) from some new
series called the The Tale of Terra. The story had brillant battle scenes,
lovable heroes and villians, a compelling story line, and it left me dying for
the next part of the series:) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it 

Email: Roving Mouse <s...@tack.net> Groups: alt.animals, alt.animals.cat,
alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, talk.politics.animals Followup-To: alt.animals
You will always find fascinating links at: Extreme Web Surfs
http://extremewebsurfs.blogspot.com/ (nice urban wildlife post today) & Me and
the Web http://maartenvt.blogspot.com/ Arts, History,Animals, Music,Games
,Politics,Technology, Fun and more! .. 

Email: franz371...@gmail.com WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2
(beta anyway)September 16-18, this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung-Ryool
on either 16th or 17th of july and as i don't want to take someone's credit's i
got it here^^GameSpot By the way we now have a "forum" in the post link Reply 

Email: "Ian"<ian.gilb...@btinternet.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat We have updated
our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and
make a secure on-line donation to the charity. Please do visit us and feel free
to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk PS - we also have more cats
coming in for re-homing see our 'Homes Wanted' page Thanks for looking Ian -
Webmaster www.southbhamcats.org.uk 

Key Delhi blast suspect arrested Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they
have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month's deadly
bomb blasts in the city. Delhi police chief KK Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed
Dar, and said police were hunting for four accomplices. He said Mr Dar, 33, was
arrested in Indian-administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed
Lashkar-e-Toiba militant group. The India Diaries 

I like the way Otto Jespersen (in 'Language: Its Nature, Development and
Origin') aptly summarised the nature of language changes by comparing it with
one of the theories of the Manchester School of Economics: 'Everything is for
the best in the best of all possible worlds if only no artificial hindrances are
put in the way of free exchange, for demand and supply will regulate everything
better than any Government would be able to.' Portia 

This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea. And a portion of each package or
memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database. So be sure to get your
pet's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue, make sure it is
listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site.
Best, Cindy "...there is no companion quite so devoted, so communicative, so
loving and so mesmerizing as a rat." ~CGoehring 

Email: Anthony Beavers <CognitiveScienceN...@gmail.com> Inhibitory Systems
Control the Pattern of Activity in the Cortex "Inhibitory systems are essential
for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex, which has important
implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation, according to a Yale
School of Medicine study in Neuron.... The findings demonstrate the inhibitory
network is central to controlling not only the amplitude, extent and duration of
activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks, but also the precise
timing of action potentials, and, thus, network synchronization..." -- Posted by
Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM 

Email: "engin i. erdem"<erdemen...@gmail.com> ** *Worldwatch Projects
Catastrophe Will Be Most Costly Weather-Related Disaster in History*
*Washington, D.C.-* The overwhelming human and financial impacts of Hurricane
Katrina are powerful evidence that political and economic decisions made in the
United States and other countries have failed to account for our dependence on a
healthy resource base, according to an assessment released today by the
Worldwatch Institute. Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of
wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally
vulnerable to the forces of nature. According to many scientists, the early
results of global warming—90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf
and rising sea levels—may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina.
*...* http://reflectioncafe.blogspot.com/2005/09/unnatural-disasterthe-less... 

Email: n3td3v <xploita...@gmail.com> n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online
and thought you should see it. ** Google defies US over search data ** Web giant
Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are
searching for. < http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/em/fr/-/1/hi/technology/4630694.stm>
** BBC Daily E-mail ** Choose the news and sport headlines you want - when you
want them, all in one daily e-mail < http://www.bbc.co.uk/dailyemail/> **
Disclaimer ** The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail, and
anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC's views or
opinions. Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender
have been verified. If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or
want to know more about the BBC's Email a Friend service, please read our
frequently asked questions. http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/help/4162471.stm 

[http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=624569&section=news]
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago (from the economic
summit), President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies
in Santiago. The talk of the day besides a more level playing field with China
was North Korea. China has been a great help at getting North Korea to the table
and Bush is hoping that with their cooperation Korea can become a nuclear free
peninsula. REUTERS/Jason Reed U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with
Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago. Bush is in
Santiago for the annual Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) leaders
meeting. Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only
help strengthen our Chinese allies, but will also help fight the war on terror.
Selah! -- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 PM 

Email: BlackBayou <BlackBa...@excite.com> Groups: alt.animals.cat I started this
page to help with my boredom. I have Chronic Lyme disease, so I'm stuck at home.
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and
depression. I enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends.
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it. Along with an
area on the page for those to join the mailing list. I started with 21 email
addresses. We now have over 5000 addresses. My wife and I would love for you to
come and visit our page http://www.myshutter.com/flash.htm our collection of
comedy http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled, I was an AVID amateur
photographer.. come and visit and sign our guestbook -----= Posted via
Newsfeeds.Com, Uncensored Usenet News =----- http://www.newsfeeds.com - The #1
Newsgroup Service in the World! -----== Over 100,000 Newsgroups - 19 Different
Servers! =----- 

Handcrafted Furry Animals Wholesale, Call for a Catalog NOW! 732-657-3416 has
life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur, feathers and
sheeps wool. Dogs, cats, rabbits, wolves, moose, horses, you name it, we have
it. People love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and
collectables. They are very well made and realistic. Attention Retail Stores &
Vendors: We are looking to expand our Wholesale Clients across the Nation. If
you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport,
Hunting, or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products,please give
us a call! 732-657-3416 We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List
ready to mail to you today! No minimum order amount. Any orders at or over
$500.00 an additional 10% off the total order. We accecpt: Visa, MasterCard,
Amex, Dinners Club/Carte Blanche, & Personal Checks/Money Orders. Animals R
Us.Net Bill Schmidt animalsr...@aol.com 732-657-3416 1027 Jolson Court
Manchester, N.J. 08759 

Wei's Magic Cubes Wei Ligang, a rising star of modern art in China, just had an
exhibition in mid-July, 2005 in Hong Kong. He is now lecturing in USA. His art
perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy. He is regarded as one of
the leading Avant-Garde artist of modern calligraphy. His artworks were selected
and exhibited in British Museum in 2002. "Wei has given some virtuoso
performances with brush and ink, often incorporating several different
techniques into a single work," said Gordon S. Barrass, curator of the
exhibition. In the world of "Wei's magic cubes," all seem to be ingeniously
planned and tricky. All are mathematical, all are linguistic. In Wei's art, a
logician could see mathematical logic, a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass
notes, a country girl could see straw, and Harry Potter could see two
accompanied green blazes. "...to gaze at Wei's art is like entering a floating
world of dreams." --- The Art of Calligraphy in Modern China (British Museum
Press, 2002) 

[http://news.zdnet.co.uk/internet/0,39020369,39187928,00.htm] Photo from
Technology News Wiki Media Foundation, the group behind the Wikipedia online
encyclopedia project, said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to
host some of its content on company servers. (ZD Net) It looks like the war
between Microsoft and Google is quickly brewing on the horizon. Microsoft is 4-0
(they took down Netscape, Suns Systems, MAC and IBM) and Google may be their
next target. Google is probably making this move to counter Microsoft Search
using Encarta (it's online dictionary). More below. But it looks like Google
isn't opening it's mouth about the reason behind the offer as Linux News
reports: "While we don't have anything specific to announce today, Google and
the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support
Wikipedia.org and its community." Sure Google, although this would put it on
coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014. It will be interesting to
see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath, who has known
no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition. Selah! -- Posted by
Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 PM 

Email: "Ruth"<ruth.penyc...@bbc.co.uk> Hello there Action Network is a BBC
website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them. I'm
getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about
hospital closures. We've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals (
http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/C55153 ) and a group called NHS SOS have
already put up a campaign about ward closures in Cumbria. I'm hoping to build
this up to be a hub for all the campaigners - a place where people can exchange
ideas and advice. It would be great if the person from CHANT who started this
page would put up a short description of the campaign and a list to this group
page on the Action Network site. Action Network is also a good place to post
details of events, or try to rally together a group if you want to take action
in your area. You can attach anything you write to pages for your local area, as
well as to the 'issue' pages. I'm more than happy to help people with the site
or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message.
Otherwise, hope to see you there! Kind regards Ruth Penycate
www.bbc.co.uk/actionnetwork 

Winston Peters is visiting a school. In one class, he asks the students if
anyone can give him an example of a "tragedy". One little boy stands up and
offersthat, "if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street
when a car came along and killed him, that would be a tragedy". "No," Winston
says, "That would be an ACCIDENT." A girl raises her hand. "If a school bus
carrying fifty children drove off a cliff, killing everyone involved... that
would be a tragedy". "I'm afraid not, "explains Winston, "that is what we would
call a GREAT LOSS." The room is silent, none of the other children volunteer.
"What?" asks Winston, "isn't there any one here who can give me an example of a
tragedy?" Finally, a boy in the back raises his hand. In a timid voice, he says:
"If an airplane carrying Winston Peters was blown up by a bomb, THAT would be a
tragedy". "Wonderful!" Winston beams. "Marvelous! And can you tell me WHY that
would be a tragedy?""Well," says the boy, "because it wouldn't be an accident,
and it certainly wouldn't be a great loss!" 

[http://www.space.com/astronotes/astronotes.html] Photo from Space.com
(Space.com) It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems, Inc. is visualizing
a "space highway" going from the moon to Earth (and back again). "Our new lunar
transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the
equivalent of a two-way highway between the Earth and the Moon," Kistler told
SPACE.com. "Our plans include raising private capital to develop, build, flight
test, and operate this Earth-Moon highway for the benefit of the country and the
benefit of our investors." Wise decision to go through the private
sector--NASA's budget may be kinda tight to fund a project like this. This group
does sound pretty interesting though. The Lunar Transporatation Systems (LTS) is
actually being funded by two space businessmen, Walter Kistler and Bob Citron.
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space
industry, and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB
. They want to use LTS to tie into NASA's vision for Space Exploration, and seem
pleased that the White House is moving in that direction. "We are so excited
that the White House and the recent new government space policy underscores the
need to involve the private sector in assisting NASA develop its plans for the
new Vision for Space Exploration," said Walter Kistler, LTS co-founder and
Chairman. With their proposal of a "Earth-Moon" highway, it looks like space
tourism may become a reality sooner than we think. Selah! -- Posted by Hidden
Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 PM 

[http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/ft_050829_ksc_spacefuture.html]
(Space.com) U.S. astronauts will launch to the moon on sleek, single, shuttle
booster rockets and the first new upper-stage rocket this country has developed
in more than a decade, NASA and the Pentagon have told the White House. Lunar
landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by
gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo-era Saturn 5, the most powerful
rockets ever flown. It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle
model, as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has
recently proved. Although these new rockets are probably more expensive, they
will be able to go at a much greater range than it's shuttle cousins, as they
can not only break free from the atmosphere but reach the moon as well. "NASA
will initiate development of a Crew Launch Vehicle derived from space shuttle
solid rocket boosters with a new upper stage for human spaceflight," said the
letter, signed by NASA Administrator Mike Griffin and the Pentagon's top space
official, ex-astronaut Ron Sega... "NASA then plans to develop a new
100-metric-ton-class launch vehicle derived from existing capabilities with the
space shuttle external tanks and solid rocket boosters for future missions to
the moon," the letter said. NASA is planning on using these new shuttles to
replace the current models, with industry forecasters predicting a launch as
early as 2014. The new rocket design will differ slightly from it's
predecessors, in the fact that the crew and cargo would launch separately from
two different rockets each and join up in space later on. Launching this way
will hopefully avoid future disasters, giving more support towards NASA
revisiting the stars. -- Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 8/30/2005
09:36:00 PM 

George and Lynne image001.jpg 51K Download Funny stuff lifted from another list
Amy:-) ------ We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work
its way through Congress. - Will Rogers I had a rose named after me and I was
very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog:
"No good in a bed, but fine against a wall." - Eleanor Roosevelt ------ Santa
Claus has the right idea. Visit people only once a year. - Victor Borge ------
"By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a
bad one, you'll become a philosopher. - Socrates ------ I was married by a
judge. I should have asked for a jury. - Groucho Marx ------ My wife has a
slight impediment in her speech. Every now and then she stops to breathe. -
Jimmy Durante ------ I have never hated a man enough to give his diamonds back.
- Zsa Zsa Gabor ------ Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four
essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar and fat. - Alex Levine ------
Money can't buy you happiness... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of
misery. - Spike Milligan ------ Until I was thirteen, I thought my name was shut
up. - Joe Namath ------ Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later
in life. - Herbert Henry Asquith ------ I don't feel old. I don't feel anything
until noon. Then it's time for my nap. - Bob Hope ------ Don't worry about
avoiding temptation... as you grow older, it will avoid you. - Winston Churchill
------ Maybe it's true that life begins at fifty... but everything else starts
to wear out, fall out, or spread out. - Phyllis Diller ------ By the time a man
is wise enough to watch his step, he's too old to go anywhere. - Billy Crystal
__________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Tired of spam?
Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around image_jpg_part 52K Download 

What language is talked in Iguazu? portuguese spanish 

Green Tea Or White Tea? Green Green Tea. Green tea 

What is this Miramar? It is a place in Argentina lol 

Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba? Not me sorry. 

Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu? Not me sorry. 

Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^? =) 

What are some Major land forms in Ireland? Mountains, cliffs, peat bogs, valleys

Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ? any format url ?
Υes. 

how fare of kolkatta? kolkatta is an Indian State. lol... Kolkata is not for
sale!!!!!! roflmao 

Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp? I like shrimp,fried,grilled,or steamed. crab
shrimp 

how much does it cost to join world resorts international? could not find any
info online email them at address below E-mail:
memberservices@worldresortsinternational.com m 

Who is artist Gunther Uecker;explain?
http://www.kettererkunst.com/bio/GuntherUecker-1930.shtml His work
http://www.google.com/search?hl=en&rlz=1G1GGLQ_ENUS359&q=gunther+uecker+biography&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=484l484l0l5093l1l1l0l0l0l0l328l328l3-1l1l0&um=1&ie=UTF-8&tbm=isch&source=og&sa=N&tab=wi&biw=1221&bih=756&sei=XVG5TqrrGoXK2AXG0ry-Bw#um=1&hl=en&rlz=1G1GGLQ_ENUS359&tbm=isch&sa=1&q=gunther+uecker+artist&pbx=1&oq=gunther+uecker+&aq=1S&aqi=g1g-S3&aql=&gs_sm=c&gs_upl=10219l10219l0l13797l1l1l0l0l0l0l125l125l0.1l1l0&bav=on.2,or.r_gc.r_pw.,cf.osb&fp=13ddcdc64cbf5fd&biw=1221&bih=756

How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area? Here in Indiana I
think it's like $3 or $4 for a meal. 

in n out of the chicago area? which burger chain do you think is as good as in n
out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger? 

Where to buy bodybuilding supplements in Delhi? Any particular shop that you
know of AND their number. Atal Pharmacy, Karol Bag. kindly contact laxmi nagar
zim in delhi.. 

Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar? Heck there must be at least 1
korean. No, but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA-ha! 

Can you use the 'find my phone' feature to track someone else's phone? You'd
need their Apple ID and password, if you had that then yes you can track any
iPhone. 

Besides eating good foods, what else do people do in Miramar? Well, they have a
variety of sports that they play like basketball, soccer, etc. Well they play
the Wii like me :) 

Is Hank Green Awesome? The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome. He needs a
shower, and he picks his nose all the time. He is at his best when he is doing
his Nerd impression... 

weather in december in Tremblant? Typically it's cold. There may or may not be
snow, depending on local weather conditions. In the ski resort areas, there will
likely be man-made snow on the slopes. 

jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ? thx for
your ans.? As in the old days, varnish is often used as a protective film
against years of dirt, grease, smoke, etc. 

Fun picture websites (:? I'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and
autocorrects.com but ones that aren't very common and have a variety of funny
pictures! Please give me lots of links and places to look! Thank you (:
Ifunny.com 

how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail? Carve one in your chosen
medium. Make a mold. Cast. Depending on scale, just buy a fish and make a mold
from that They sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores. 

Do you prefer ham, bacon or sausages with your breakfast? Without a doubt.....
bacon! :) thick cut bacon or really good sausages with my breakfast I like bacon
and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and
the works. 

Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off? Can police trace a
cell phone even if it is switched off? Yeah you gotta burn it..thats the only
way Yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps Yes. 

mazzoni's deli best italian food in phila pa? is mazzoni's deli at 3901
conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country???
because all of the food blogs Ive read say so and I will travel from maryland if
thats true yep 

Dinner and dancing in Chicago? I'm under 21+ and looking for a nice place to
take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance
floor. It's okay if it's a little pricier. Any good suggestions would really be
appreciated. Rumba Room 

Courage the cowardly dog? In the Episode "So in Louvre Are We Two", How many
diffrent painting/scupltures are their and who are the artists? Link to video:
http://www.livevideo.com/video/C8F5BBEC570C4A4DBC326F694D79942A/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx
You should really ask this in the art section. Theyre probably just drawn for
the show anyways. 

Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick? Cotton Candy Corn
Dog Candy Apple Meat Kabob Ship on a Stick (Prize at various trivia type
contests on board.) All of those ;D Monkey Brain. What country are we talking
about? I like my Monkey Brain on a stick for sure. 

How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section? I mean besides me
of course. Because obviously most people have never even heard of this section.
Someone had to be first. I have never been there. well, I don't ask questions
here because I have no clue what "Iguazu" is... 

What do you think of Air France? I love Air France! Their service is top-notch
and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy. I also
find their food way better than many other airlines. Plus you land in a
preferential terminal... I go out of my way to use Air France. expensive 

What's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine
parrots? ? I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck, did a bunch of research, (I'm
a very experienced bird owner, macaws, cockatoos, amazons), And noticed two
other breeds that look a lot alike. So does anyone know what the difference is?
Thanks 

if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me? i put $5
bucks down for it too. no they wont be able to some gamestops dont check ID for
the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but alot of store want to
see your id and/or your reciept of the pre-order 

Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises? I'm considering taking a job
with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel. Was wondering if
anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training I
haven't personally but I know a couple of people who have. Wendi has worked for
them have a look at her blog. 

Best POS system in Philadelphia ? What is the best pos system I can buy in
philadelphia pa? I need something reliable and good looking. Prosperity POS
makes the best pos systems. I use them for my restaurant and always get
compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the
support is. Do yourself a favor and give them a call.
http://www.prosperitypos.com?p=ya 

What are "good" speakers? I've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 ive
currently got a jvc mini hifi system, i was wondering what would be a good set
of speakers. I like music very loud and with a lot of bass. also i was
wondering, is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better. thanks B&w.
Bose is not good 

USPS Delivery in Auckland,NZ? I have ordered Bose Headfones worth 300USD. They
have been shipped using USPS Priority Mail International Parcels. will i have to
pay customs in NZ. its a gift from my brother. why will hav to pay customs if it
is a gift...?? i always thought theres no custom charges for gifts. Yup. Yes,you
must pay customs duties. 

24 hour fast resturants near by? Well theres Mc.Donalds,Taco Bell,Burger
King.....But my resturant is way better than all of them...and it's quite close.
It's just up the highway and right around the corner.... Nearby what? Loop,
North Side, South Side, near suburbs, far suburbs? Chicago's a big area.
PORTILLO'S OR WHITE CASTLE! :D 

NZers: Have you decided who you're going to vote for? And has this changed from
previous years? I'm just curious. Bay of Plenty- Are you even old enough to
vote? hahaha not sure yet John Key, and no Maybe Labour. John Key is too busy
looking after his rich mates, while the rest of us pay. Yes, I have usually
voted National. I do see myself as a conservative 

Arriving in Auckland on a direct flight from Canada.? Will we be allowed to take
duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch? In our hand
luggage or do we have to put it into our checked luggage? Yes. I don't think it
matters We'll see you on 'Border Patrol' Yes you can carry your duty free
bottles, and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-) 

Studying in Quebec,Canada? If I went into the "pre-university" direction with
business administration in mind. Say after I finished those 2 years and I found
a job. would I be able to go back to school after a year break at a university
to get a Bachelors degree in business administration? Any information would
help. Thank you You should be able to no problem. Universities will take you
whatever age you are. 

What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop? and where
can I find them? Background support systems. Or background stands buy them in
any good photography supplies shop. frame thumbs down??? odd considering this is
a search on the net:
http://www.google.co.uk/search?q=backdrop+frame&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8&aq=t&rls=org.mozilla:en-US:official&client=firefox-a&safe=active&sout=1
Backdrop stand. Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it
in the search box (or look for studio equipment supplies). 

out of carnival, royal caribbean, and norweigan (cruises) which is the best and
why? I prefer Royal Caribbean out of all these. There is so much to do onboard.
The new NCL Epic does sound amazing, although I haven't sailed on her yet. None
of the above. Of THESE three, it's a toss-up between Royal and Carnival. NCL is
a notch below either, in terms of quality and service. 

Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they're hooked up to a
computer that is turned off? Mine does. I have the HTC Evo. depends on the
computer if the computer is completely shut off, the USB ports aren't getting
power, so they won't charge your phone many PCs have sleep & charge now, that
allow the PC to go into sleep mode, and still allow the USB ports to charge
things like phones. 

what is a good slogan for an Argentinian restaurant? "In Argentina, beef is
revered, respected, and praised. Come see how we continue this tradition." A
taste of Argentina. Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan
writing. Why certain slogans work and why some don't. You will find these
helpful in writing a new slogan. A Look at Slogans -
http://www.small-business-software.net/look-at-slogans.htm Unique Selling
Proposition -
http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm Goodluck!
No Mad Cow --- Guaranteed! 

Which Compact System Camera Should I Get...? I'm looking for a camera that has
really good zoom during a video and pictures; and good quality pictures /videos
I'm planning on buying a compact system camera at best buy ; so please list the
one(s) I should purchase. Also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing
day? **and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer (facebook) have a
look at sony wx10 

I need creative art ideas? What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint
the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way? The actual word "MAD" has
to be on the cover and incorporated into the image. MAD means crazy, or angry,
so you do a lot with it, i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face, and
just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors, make it look artistic. use
photoshop. tttthhhhh Madonna! 

what is the fall of hanoi? can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took
place? I cant find any information about it When the French returned to
Indochina at the end of WW II the Viet Minh were in control of the Red River
Delta. They chased the Communists out of the capital (Hanoi) and retook control.
Is that what you are referring to? You need to check out the French Indochina
War (1946-1954) not the Vietnam War (1957-1975). 

Does a pacman absolutely need a uv lamp? Or maybe something humid or heat? I
assume you are talking about a pacman frog. No, technically they do not need a
UVB light; they are nocturnal. However, it certainly wouldn't hurt if you wanted
to provide one. A pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking
temp in the upper 80's F for at least 10 - 12 hours a day. don't forget to use a
calcium supplement twice a week; captive reptiles are prone to calcium
deficiency. 

surprise romantic cheap date night san francisco? looking for a surprise spot to
take my bf. a bar would be nice but also something extremely unique. i would
like to have one of those super random surprisingly nice nights
out...suggestions? o and the cheaper the better (we are trying to save money
now, sooo..thatd b helpful) thanks Why not put together a bottle of champagne, a
picnic and have a date on Treasure Island. Cheap, great view, time together.
There are plenty of cheap restaurants. Try SanFranGuide.com 

my lhasa apso hind legs are not working? for the past few days she has been
shivering and wont eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but
she is back to her self .. what should i do .? just pray for her ad=nd try to
hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the
vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since
shes not eating feed her by hand Take her to the vet. obviously take her to the
vet 

How much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to Andiamos
restaurant for dinner? Hi, i'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his
girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday. I really
want to go to andiamos for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it
would cost for the four of us to eat there Have no idea what kind of restaurant
this is or where it is. Best count on $50 per person no matter what. Or more if
you have drinks. 

I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good
catering service.? I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good
food and good catering service. I have two upcoming events one is for 200 and
another is for 21. American Food, Soul Food, Mexican, Italian, and Chinese are
the options. Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco
http://sanfranguide.com/restaurants/ well since i dont know your budget, i
recommend Hakka Restaurant for chinese food its cheap and its good! prime ribs
have very good food but its super expensive try yelp.com 

how many ounces in a pint in ireland? Depends of what. Ounces measure weight,
pints measure volume. If you mean fluid ounces, 20, as opposed to the 16 in
America. An Irish pint is larger than a US one. 20 fluid ounces in a Pint in
Ireland as R-G said, there are only 16 in an American one. Know this well
because I remember an 'irish' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to
advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town, but they served them in
american sized pints. That place didn't stay open too long :D 

need help finding irish music? i love The Script and know there from iraland. i
would like more bands like them pleasseee The thing about The Script is they do
not sound that Irish, I was surprised to hear they were from Dublin. Well if you
are interested, I suggest you have a look at General Fiasco, Two Door Cinema
Club and Wallis Bird. I think you will be pleased. I doubt you will get a
sensible answer in the "TRAVEL" section. *Ireland And there's nothing distinctly
Irish about them. You'd find similar bands to them that are from the UK and US.

Women's rain coat...where can I find one? I'm going on a trip to Europe soon,
and I need to find a good, quality raincoat. I've looked and looked, but cannot
find one anywhere! I would prefer a simple, fitted black one. It actually needs
to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything
more than light/moderate rain. I'll pay up to 200-250 for it if I have to. Look
on the debenhams website in the craghoppers section they do some good waterproof
raincoats heres the link:
http://www.debenhams.com/women/craghoppers#catalogId=10001&lid=//productsuniverse/en_GB/product_online0Y/categories%3C0productsuniverse_186610/brand_description0.000000E+000craghoppers0/categories%3C0productsuniverse_18661_186820&ps=default&sfn=Categories&sfv=Coats+%26amp0+jackets&storeId=10001

I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS... how do I
pause it while recording? I have a Kodak Camera (10.2 Megapixels)... Kodak AF 5x
OPTICAL LENS... how do I pause it while recording? You don't... there's no such
thing as "pause" in digital recording. That's because of the buffer that holds
the data until it's ready to be recorded to the memory card. When you press the
button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card -
no pause. All you can do is take each section (individual video) and edit them
together on software. 

I have a Nacho Libre question.? When nacho is driving to cure the influenza guy
does he say to the man with the cow i like your blouse or I like your cow
because my friend thinks he says I like your blouse, but that wouldn't make
sense. I know its in the wrong catagory, but still, I wrote this question for a
reason, not for you to critisize me. Okay, FIRST, you have posted a question
about an American movie, set in Mexico, in the Dining Out in Argentina category.
Do you get what's wrong with this picture? No...that's all. No second. Nacho
Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans, not in Argentineans. 

is there any good places to get an ice-cream sundae from in Invercargill New
Zealand? so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are
any good places to buy an ice-cream sundae from other than mc donalds lol Fast
food chains, supermarkets, dairies you live in NZ and you eat McDonalds ice
cream? you're mad! Any of the tip-top places have great ice-cream, get them to
mix it up. any Ice Cream In NZ no matter where as New Zealand has the best
bl**dy ice cream in the world I was in NZ for a few weeks had some Ice Cream and
really enjoyed it I will go back just to eat some Ice Cream 

best burger chain in the Chicago area? which is the best burger chain in the
chicago metro area like for example burger king portillos white castle which one
do like the best? Red Robin. Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless.
Fudruckers. idk ur choice Chain? Does 5 make a chain? Hackney's has a great
burger formula that started about 80 years ago. There are currently 5 locations:
http://www.hackneys.net/ The latest spot for a real Hackney's is Printers' Row:
http://www.hackneysprintersrow.net/ See what DD&D showed at the original place
on Harms Rd in Glenview: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2lDF0XU3NI Along with
the great burger try a brick of onion rings if you are with someone. Otherwise a
1/2 brick will be fine: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jellybeanjill13/532522805/

My dog has threw up yellow bile for two days but does not have dhirea. What
should I do? I've tried bland white rice but he wont eat anything. What could it
be? Should I be concerned? Call a vet would be a good idea with a sick dog VERY
CONCERNED!!! plz bring your dog to the vet ASAP!!! esp if not eating - if it had
only happened once and could get him to eat right away - it could have been you
missed his meal time and he needed to eat - since it sounds like it has happened
several times over two days - then he may have gotten int to something that
needs to be attended to RIGHT AWAY!!! or has acquired some type of disease and
that too needs to be attended to... 

why are there two statues of David? i doing a research paper on donatello and i
notice that there are two statues of David, a bronze one and marble one.
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had
already made one? so im a little confused , why is there two statues of David?
different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder,
the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king Because he liked
making statues of David! :D Obviously, he should have been arrested and jailed -
imagine making a statue or painting on the same subject as another artist -
clearly insulting and disrespecting - wasted time that could have been used
making a statue with clothes on. 

Name of specific Hibachi restaurant in Chicago? I have a friend out in Chicago
this week, and I am trying to remember the name of an awesome hibachi style
restaurant i visited while out there a couple years ago. I think it was in the
Lincoln Square area but don't quote me on that. It's 'gimmick' was that you fill
your bowl cafeteria-style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with
a chopstick listing your table number on it. Four guys around a large square
open hibachi cook your food, and when it's finished a server brings it to your
table. All-you can-eat style deal. It was pretty epic as I remember and would
love to send my friend there. Any help? That is Flat Top Grill 

What's the best time to start a trip around the world? Well,I'm about to
graduate in less then a year,and I'm planning to study medical school.But since
in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years,and I want to go aground the
world,what do you think,should I do it before or after medical school? If you
can afford to go before, then by all means, GO. If you have to wait, due to
financial reasons, then wait. I would much rather put it off until I can afford
to have the vacation of a lifetime as I'm sure this trip is intended to be.
Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and
of course free time to take your time and have a great time. 

canon t2i stops working? My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power
bottom is switched to "on" but the camera does not respond to any function. the
camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in.
did anyone have this issue? is it worthy to send in for warranty repair? thanks!
Sounds simple enough to me . Your camera isn't acting normally, you got
warranty, let Canon deal with it. I would agree. I shoot a t1i and haven't had
such an issue. I also agree it's under warranty so get in touch with Canon. It
sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what
happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it shouldn't be
happening in a camera. Call Canon 

Cheapest airline ticket from Raleigh to Philippines? I'm going on a vacation to
the Philippines in May 2012, and I'm starting from Raleigh, NC (RDU Airport).
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket? The sooner
the better but I'd probably wait until after the holidays. Use Travelocity or
Expedia and see what you come up with. My friend goes to the Phils every 6
months or so and she has found that Korean Air has had the cheapest fares
lately. Raleigh to Chicago, Chicago to Seoul and then Seoul to Manila. Compare
compare compare - that's the key to getting the best deal. Ask a travel agent!
On my last 6 trips here from the states I used "Fly genesis" based in Seattle,
Wa. They gave the best service & rates I could find. 

What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants? I just
moved into the city, and I'm wondering if there's a place I can get good deals
on restaurants here. I don't want to have to deal with those deal-a-day websites
like Groupon. I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant
I want, whenever I want. Any suggestions would be really helpful, thanks! I
usually use ZebraKlub. They basically buy daily deals from Groupon, Living
Social, and all sorts of other places. So you can pretty much get whatever deal
you want anytime. Most of the deals let you eat for 500ff, and some of the deals
are even free. If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily
deal emails every day, ZebraKlub should be perfect for you. 

Where can I go on a first date (adults)? Looking for something on the casual
side and we want it to be fun. May seem a little silly, but, taking a long ride
on the Metra system or the "L" system is a great way to see the city and sites
without spending a fortune. Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens
and see the change of colors and enjoy the air, They also have many inside
exhibits you might enjoy, food is pretty good to. go 2 starbucks dont spend more
than 20 bucks :) Bike ride in the park, followed by coffee. You are busy, you
don't have to sit face to face to try to make convo, it's short, so if things go
great, you can extend, and if you want to end it, you just say bye, gotta go. 

I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium, what can I fill it with? I was thinking
cichlids? Possibly a freshwater tank with a ton of different species in there.
I've never kept cichlids though. I know saltwater is a possibility, can you give
me a possible stocking option for that too? I'll choose the one that sounds the
best after looking into all the fish :) Here is the stocking for my 150 gallon
tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach A 200 gallon
with 6 pairs of Breeding Angel fish fire mouth honey Gouramis 5 8 inch
clownloach a Krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 Australian
Rainbows If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank.
fill it with water :) lol for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha
every time awesome fish!! 

never response the phone call 

Great deals, great pizza! 

Great gym and great services. 

Dr. White is the best! 

Good clean store nice car wash 

It's well cool. :) 

Awesome service with a smile :) 

WHAT A GREAT DEAL THANK YOU 

The pancakes are to die for. 

Best fried shrimp in the state! 

Fast and great service on pool covers 

Friendliest place I have ever stayed! 

The best pilates on the Gold Coast! 

It taste better than In and Out.... 

Good local steakhouse, I recommend it! 

Dessert was good. Rest was too oily. 

it was a little to high dollar for me 

Very Informative website with alot of good work 

wow wow wow. the bast cab in minneapolis 

Great food and nice people very pleasant experience. 

Tire Gooroo David Bundren is the Tire GooRoo. 

good it is a cute little nice and quiet library 

they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted. many thanks 

local crew!!! home team - thanks 4 playin!!! 

Great Service, Thanks Don. Nice Top Lights. 

Best ceviche that I'd had so far! :) 

A very nice park. The architecture is simplz splendid. 

the service is quick. and the people are sweet :) 

Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too. Horrible! 

very reasonable prices. quick in & out. Friendly service. 

This is my favorite coffee store. Just ask American Express 

Too many kids, too many knifings, too many taserings. 

Thank you for fixing the leak on my bathroom! Thanks! 

this is the worst Sams club I've ever been to 

Got to love this place. Everyone is relaxed and having fun!!! 

Friendly service. Attentive to the needs of customer. Thanks again! 

This place is awesome Great work, good price. Definetely going back 

Great product, great service!!! Installed Biometrics and Got Excellent Service.

Feels like you are in Brooklyn, but people watching is entertaining. 

green curry and red curry is awesome! remember to ask for extra vege 

Usually very quick and timely. Doctor Bogomilsky knows her stuff too. 

The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs. 

Wonderful Wonderful People! I refer to VNHH often and love you guys. 

Did a great job of removing my tree in Conyers. Thanks Southland. 

Nice little locally owned greek bar and grill. Good food. Great wings! 

Don't bother. It's impossible to understand how this place has survived. 

The finest German bedding and linens store. Quality and service come first here.

Place is legit. We got upgraded to a corner suite! Room was amazing. 

hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be
good 

Linda I would highly recommend Landscape by Hiro. Excellent customer service and
quality work. 

I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street! 

Drove all the way over from the highway... closed at 7. Who does that?! 

You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on. 

Great job on my roof and the pricing was fair. Will use again in the future. 

Kyle with Bullwark Great job! Listened to my problem and took care of it.
Thanks! 

AWESOME food! Make sure to put OILY sauces on your food to make it moist! YUM 

This is a Ralph's I just called this number and it is a Ralph's Market. 

Hospitality.! Very good hospitality offered.! Keep it up. - Shree Ghatkopar
Bhatia Mitra Mandal 

Close to my house, this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT. 

Mens and Boys Barbers, on the number 9 Bus route. Ladies room, Open Sundays 

This is a great place to get a permit I had to get a permit here, it was cool 

best Best pedi mani Ive ever had. Darla is amazing, I would recoment her to
anyone. 

You guys do everything wonderful! We honestly cannot think of even 1 thing we
didn't like! 

kudos to Allentown Post Office staff The staff in Allentown are friendly,
helpful and a delight to know.. 

amazing, fun, great beers. service could be a little better but its an all round
good place 

Amazing service! I just had the best experience at this Kal Tire location.
Courteous, fast and friendly. 

Quality has fallen over the years, but still the best go-to burger place on the
East Bay. 

STAY AWAY Horrible service. Absolutely rude. Did services I asked them NOTto do
and was still charged. 

Highly recommended My 8 year old daughter loves this place. The best climbing
club around. Hooray for Craggy. 

The food is excellent, but very overpriced. How do you run a cafe, with no
refills on coffee-? 

telephone number the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is
07551310002 or landline 01634 710033. thank you 

the team at barton car wash was very friendly . and did great job . i was very
pleased with the service. 

I appreciate the quick, good service and the reasonable prices and will
definitely use American Pride Irrigation & Landscaping again. 

I like I Move CA - Los Angeles Movers, they moved me before, but this time they
were awesome :) 

Poor Taste There is no lower rating for Noonan's Liquor, owners and employees. A
negative number is not available. CLH 

Very friendly people offering a brilliant service. Sent scented flowers home
instead of postcards. Recommend you call in for a look. 

Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the
rudest person I have ever met. DONt Go here 

Restaurant on top was renovated, food was decent, price was way to high for
Duluth for quality, new decor seems tacky 

Rude and Untrustworthy These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal.
They are especially rude to women. Do not trust them! 

Good food, good location, and good prices. But the servers don't pay attention
to you whether it's busy or not. 

One of the better vegetarian sandwiches I've had in Seattle. And from a place
that specializes in high quality meat, too. 

Old time grocery, best steaks I have ever had! Great meats that are already
cooked, easy to take home for dinner. 

Inford Media Media, Software, Fun and Games, Website design, Web Promotion, B2B,
Business Promotion, Search Engine Optimization. 

Relish A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards. The best darlington
has to offer in contemporary sandwicheering. Drum and bass as standard. 

Will never use again. Very rude and unprofessional. The workers sped up and down
the street with no mind to the small children playing. 

ipad reiew they are the best orthodontics in the world. i went there since i was
four. now i will have really straight teeth. 

Pam the Pom Fantastic couple of days. Breathtaking views and fabulous
accommodation. Nothing too much trouble for Ian, thanks for a great stay. 

Daniel and his assistant both did a great job. Very professional and great
results. Many thanks from myself and all of our wedding guests! 

what a mindblowing servicing They treat there employees with respect and concern
and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers. 

absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at Zion ... Sheer
contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank 

Decent place to stay, I would stay there again. Rooms were clean, plenty of
things to do near hotel, and safe part of town. 

Best Electrician in Florence I have been using Steele Electric for years. They
have always done a great job at a reasonable price. Highly recommended. 

Not impressed. Overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time
when there was very few clients in the facility. I won't return. 

A thoroughly comprehensive service; excellent communication and best of they are
transparent with their fee (ie nothing is simply implied or assumed). 

I gave Dr. Rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant. However, I
did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude. 

Extremely greasy. Hit or miss on the service. My fries weren't fully cooked last
time I went there. Pretty spendy for really not great quality 

The management and staff are superb. I worked with Sam Mones who took great care
of me. This is by far the best run dealership in Miami. 

The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE
orginizied, so you are in, out, and paid well for your scrap 

Winning Attorney! The only 10.0 "Perfect Score" AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever
Met. I Highly Recommend, The Law Offices Of Dale Gribow!! 

Sanctuary is amazing! Sanctuary serves delicious, somewhat healthy food in a
great restaurant/fast food style. The employees are really friendly. And they
deliver! 

What a Preschool! If you want the best for your child, don't hesitate in
visiting this wornderful school. This is the very best in the Gables. 

What a Dump! The food is terrible. The place smells and the owner is very very
rude! I could go on and on! Just don't go there. 

house closing Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a
great deal of knowledge and professionalism! Her flexibility and accessibility
made for an easy closing. 

Food is often expired so check the dates every time! Also more often than not
you end up with a healthy dose of nasty rude attitude from the employees! 

No complaints I have no complaints about the service I received.This man was
polite, professional, clean and quick. I never felt worried and walked away
satisfied. 

THE TEACHING THERE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ALL OF THE
TEACHERS THERE ARE SO MEAN THEY GET MAD AT YOU FOR NOTHING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS IS THE WORST SCHOOL IVE BEEN TO!!!!!! 

Staten Island Computers Superior work - always comes through when we need him.
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with
Qualitech Computers!!! 

not impressive enough It's a fine place, I'm just a little mystified about the
Michelin star. Nothing wrong with it, just better options at this price point. 

exelent Job "Thank you so much for the superior job well done. We love
everything about the fence. You company and services will be recommended by us
to everyone." 

An Hour Of Prego Bliss! I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a
chance to lie comfortably on my tummy. And the massages are heavenly! Very
friendly place. 

Love Hop City This place is great! Craig and Nate are wonderful. I know now
where to get all of my wine and beer. No need to go to a grocer again. 

Excellent energy efficiency Compact's Corona dryers remove at least twice as
much water as the previous dryers, allowing a production increase of over 10%
and a significant energy saving. 

We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside
Road today. A fast service, saved a bad situation getting alot worse. many
thanks 2scompany... 

The best Thai food I've ever had in Australia, very fresh and so much favor of
authentic Thai . The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in
Geelong... just love it 

Fresh and unic! Very professional, talented, unic and fresh work. Paula has an
amazing gift for creativity, vision and the ability to combine art to / with
commercial purpose. Bravo! 

OK Food, Slow service The food was incredibly bland. Their Thali was not brought
out as described (no saag). Expensive for the level of food and the quality of
service. 

Fantastic professional service - These guys really know their stuff .. they have
almost anything you could want in terms of spy and surviellance equipment. Truly
james bond style stuff ... would recommend 

So delightful. What a group! I wouldn't want any other company in my time of
need. Great people! So professional! These guys know what they're doing! Way to
go! 

Terrible customer service Fried rice has NO flavor, it literally taste like
water. When I tried to return it they refused, so I had to leave without a
refund and still hungry. 

wow, the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account
set up. i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like
this.. 

Bad Service Definately won't be returning. Travelled 40mins after calling to see
if a product was in stock. Told that they had plenty. Get there and there was
nothing. Not impressed!!! 

Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks. his clinic
is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every
step he take . 

Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas Great Limos company int he DFW fort
Worth Metro area. I use their limo services for all of my airport car services
and airport transportation needs 

Very knowledgeable and friendly design build firm. They specialize in financial
institutions, medical, and retail projects. These guys know what they're doing
and helped me in all phases of our project. 

The waiting staff is really friendly, its like every one knows each other, the
manager is really sweet and the food..well no complaints from me. Yes, its that
good. 

They have fresh flowers, lasted a long while in the vase, and the two ladies at
the shop know the business well. I had no problem with my delivery. I will go
there again. 

Out of business? I think this location is no longer in business. If you check
RecWarehouse.com, they don't list this as a location. You'll have to drive 10
miles down 75 to Allen. 

Awesome Landscaping Job MFJ Inc transformed our run down back yard into a place
of beauty. The work was completed within one week, and everything was cleaned up
on completion. Highly recommended landscaper!!! 

spot on this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and
the chilly sauce is the best, keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new
year to all the staff 

Feel good I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with
my current therapist I regularly see. Now I've found someone who can manage to
do what I really want. 

Worst Tasting Pizza This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it
was possible the worst food I've ever eaten. I don't recommend this place to
anyone or even anything to eat. 

Not so good Not worth the money. Bland and over cooked. I felt as if I was in an
over priced Olive Garden. I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat. But
not so. 

I have used Bright Futures for the last 7 years. I have 3 children there and
they are the Best. They are like family. Your children will be taken care of and
loved by a professional staff. 

Great Service Great People Bisconti wanted over $300 to fix my laptop and these
guys fixed it for $90! Call them today! Had it fixed within a few days (had to
order a part). 

Great Manicure This place offers a great manicure and pedicure. My nails looked
great for the better part of 2 weeks! Also very friendly and the stylists are
not in the "been there/done that" mood! 

Fast Service Called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes
ago. My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I'm
enjoying my time indoors much better. 

no feathers in stock!!!! I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker, they
had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE. I had to dig in a bag to find one
nice feather, what a joke! 

Gets the Job Done We have utilized Mr. Pozza and his firm twice now in our
family and both times have been very pleased. I would not hesitate to use him
again or refer him to my family or friends. 

Farrell Electric is a very good electrical contractor. I'm pleased that someone
referred me to them for my commercial business. I own a property management firm
and need a contractor with the credentials that Farrell Electric has. 

Cleanest guesthouse i have been to Stayed here for 2 nights. The owner was very
friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and the breakfast was excellent.
Good location and off road parking made our stay very convenient. 

These guys do great work at VERY reasonable prices. I have use them four times
for fixing items from pushing out a dent in a bumper to fixing the fender on my
beloved Miata. I have never been disappointed. 

Don't waste your money on the jukebox The bartender is a douchebag and he has a
little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he doesn't like, and you
end up paying for it. Not enough seating. 

spoken english rushi can ever & never forget the training undergone here which
made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles. The staff,
material provided, infra structure, environment &low fees totally above the
satisfactory mark 

Rubbish Took 1+ hour to deliver to Chatham, hair in food, driver didn't know
area. Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New
Providence. Stick to Hop Hing, 20 year+ resident. 

Great place Really great service and kind staff. The haircut was inexpensive and
so were the salon services (eyebrows were cheap!). It's a nice, relaxed place to
get stuff done and relax. I plan on going again. 

Amazing customer service I think the women at this salon know that their
business is based primarily from referrals. :) They were amazingly hospitable.
Edit was the best massage therapist I've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend
her! 

good outside, bad inside the apartment only looks good outsize, inside is too
bad. too many bugs some you even never seen before. the attitude of some staff
is terrible, did not solve anything only say i can do nothing. 

great tmobile service I was with verizon and I checked my service with tmobile
and it was great so I thought I would try tmobile. It turned out being very good
quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone. 

Walgreens on University My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly
delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and don't seem to
like answering questions. Clean store, friendly check-out staff up front. Good
selection. 

Great Place! Love this place!! Has another store in the st. charles mall. Place
is next to carval and walmart. Dont go to the one by pepco, I got confused!!!
Bad place. Go to ATLANTIC WIRELESS!! I love them!!! 

BEST DENTIST EVER - Very fast and efficient service. I have had several dentists
in my life, but Dr. Deters is by far my favorite. I never wait in the waiting
room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless. 

This is a great place to shop. I've been a regular customer at this store since
it opened, and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals.
Particularly the lady who operates the front register, she's very kind! 

AMAZING Absoul is the greatest donair man on the planet. Highly recommended. If
you enjoy amazing things, you must go to World's Finest Donair. Lest you be
lame!!! I give this place 11/10. 3 thumbs up. Bon appetit! 

Great quality doors and great quality people! The door is easy to use and it
keeps the cold out during the winter. The sales staff and the installation staff
were all easy to get along with. I highly recommend Garage Pros to my friends. 

umm... okay, I dont have a review, but why in the hell would you name your
business something that has the initials KKK....is there something behind the
scenes at this place? Like I'm legitimately concerned at this point...lol 

Fresh and Excellent Quality We order take out from here all the time and we are
never disappointed. The food is always fresh and delicious. It can be a little
on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very
helpful. 

I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner.
Unfortunately, I've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to
stop going. The employees don't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it
shows. 

Class act. It was late in the day and I was worried I would get charged an arm
and a leg and have to wait forever. They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed
to Bath for a great price. Would do business with them again. 

Great service We at R&L Plumbing Services are pleased with your professionalism
and the extra mile you went to get out computers working correctly, you will be
our first call if anything happens again and we will refer you to other people
with computer issues. 

Don't judge a book by its cover From the outside Ichiban looks like it will be
terrible. This couldn't be farther from the truth. The food is amazing, and the
prices cannot be beat. The sushi is great, and they have a great selection. 

Great work! The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work
with. They walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation
project so that there were no surprises. I found them extremely professional and
would highly recommend them. Thanks 

Natasha A real pleasure training with Natasha. Always professional and reliable,
sessions are good fun and suitably challenging. She really listens to what it is
you would like to achieve, and I am very happy with my results. I would highly
recommend her services. 

slow service I used to take my cars there all thetime, but management changes
hands too frequently, the service has been slow, and they often try to "add on"
extra services, which sometimes is not needed. I dont go there anymore 

Great service These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort
out my windscreen and insurance. It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I'm
really grateful - they were fab. The best customer service I've come across for
long time. 

Absolutely amazing job! Susanna is the best dress maker/tailor I've ever come
across in my whole life! She makes every item fit you perfectly. She is always
so busy, too, which is a good indication of her talent. She's the best! 

teeth this dentist want to pull the tooth out always.. always wants to do the
cheapest for his benefit.. not unless he knows you. and hopefully you do not
know the same people because he tells others about you payment status. Which
should be a private issue 

I hired this company to unlock my car. The price they gave was good so I said
hey this seems great. After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my
car unlocked, it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done. 

Bulwark regarding service by Eric Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as
scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions. He seemed to understand how
important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his
time. Thank you! 

A TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE! I remain unhappy. I still have noticeable scarring. I
still have surgically induced hair loss. My results were just AWFUL. My post-op
treatment was TERRIBLE. I wouldn't recommend this place last year, and I
certainly wouldn't recommend them this year. 

Hidden Treasure. Strip mall asian it is not! Go in and you will not think you
are in Chesapeake. The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC; small, cozy, but
with flair. Get great service, fantastic menu, and relax. Best in HR so far! 

Excellent medical care!!!!!! Highly recommend I went to this urgent care center
and was blown away with their service. Finally a convenient place close to home.
Wonderful staff and physician. Clean and superb. Thanks for the great care!!!!
Will definitely go back when I need medical care. 

excellence in glasgow Iv just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at
kelvin trimmers. The team who work there are helpfull, friendly and extremely
knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on
practice. Highly recomended. 

My favorite place... My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the
14th of December.yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end.Okay our
room was at times noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy
time of year. 

A Definite No Incompetent servers, kitchen and management. Expect either
undercooked or mushy food and lackluster service. The investors put big bucks
into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar
experience. Even the least discriminating diner would know not to eat at
Sprecher's. 

Wonderful Atmosphere I have been going there since I was a little girl and love
the friendly and relaxing atmosphere. Dr. Stiefvater has always been very
professional and helpful. I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who
is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition. 

Channel Guide Believe it or not, but the channel guide has been most helpful to
my family members that visit and don't know where to start when it comes to
watching satellite tv. I just give them guide and they can find anything they
need. Thanks again, Directv. 

Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm's website and we could not have
been happier. We went through six photographers to find the right photographers
that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team
made that happen. He's worth every penny. 

Average food and deathly slow service I have eaten here several times and
everytime the service is slower than slow. One time we even left after sitting
at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order.
Ridiculous. There must be a better mexican place in Rockland. 

I am in love with the giant plate of nachos! Last time I went however, my beer
was warm and the service was so-so. I get that careless teenager kind of
treatment from some of their staff...perhaps they should hire more serious
adults to help serve/cook. 

nice friendly local bagel place there might be bigger and more well known bagel
places in the area but Family Bagels are nice people, small shop and incredibly
friendly. While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with
the quality and service we get at Family Bagels 

Very Mediocre donuts! The Donuts were very over proofed, making them stale and
bready. The service was friendly and fast, but this just doesnt make up for the
lack-luster product. We tried 4 different style of donuts, they were all the
same when it came to quality. 

a staple! I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a
tasty, quick and inexpensive meal. Branch out and try something other than the
Pad Thai, the curries are fantastic. Fast and friendly service, they know my
order when I walk in the door! 

On time, Clean and very nice I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen
sink. Scheduled appointment for 8:30 Monday morning. Rich was here before the
scheduled time. He was very clean, very nice to work with and gave a very
reasonable price. HIGHLY recommend. thanks Rich Seth K. 

Deep tissue massage helps with pain in neck and shoulders Seth provides deep
tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders
and added flexibility and movement back to the area. He listens and is excellent
in diagnosing, addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting
exercises to use. 

“While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States, the
peaceful transition of power is not,” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman
wrote in a blog post Monday. For those who follow social media transitions on
Capitol Hill, this will be a little different. 

But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration, the GOP
nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “tremendous numbers” of
legal immigrants based on a “merit system.” “So I hate to put a little pressure
on you, but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders,” he told the crowd
gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina. The new spending
is fueled by Clinton’s large bank account. What she’s saying and what she’s
doing, it — actually, it’s unbelievable. 

$5,000 per person, the maximum allowed. In early October, the transition team
used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists, inviting representatives
from Uber, the Motion Picture Association of America, the Consumer Technology
Association and other groups. The gathering was originally slated for
Washington’s private Metropolitan Club on H Street a few blocks away. Maybe the
dress code was too stuffy. 

Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit, for example,
students learn science content by applying it. They are at the national average
in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8. 

By comparison, it cost $103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station,
which opened in 2004. “We face a lot of competition, and we think transit can
help,” said Joe Sternlieb, president of the Georgetown BID. The feasibility
study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the
Potomac River on the gondola. 

A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April. 

There are parallels to draw here between games and our everyday lives. 

That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the
total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996, according to the Census Bureau
-- and seems likely to jump again this year. 

Today, Khanzir may be a lonely pig, but he isn’t always alone. “We’ve requested
other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals,
including a pig,” Saqib said. 

There was a time, Mr Panvalkar said, when he felt that they should leave the
building. 

She has also been charged with trying to kill her two-year-old daughter. She
killed Andre Price III by pressing his face into an air mattress in her sitting
room before trying to do the same to her daughter, Angel, police said. "I'm
going to jail either way, hope it was worth it." 

First one of the Yazidi women started crying, then one of her friends. 

Mr Osborne signed up with a US speakers agency after being sacked in July. 

Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new
investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035. The promise of new
Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the
Scottish independence referendum in 2014. 

It's most obvious when a celebrity's name is initially quite rare. And by 2007,
at the height of its popularity (and, perhaps, Knightley's) it was a top 50
name, with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera. 

The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame, and
switched its own component for a third-party power cell. Several analysts have
suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung's setback. The Mate 9
phones lack an artificial intelligence interface, like the Google Assistant or
Apple's Siri. 

But one travel expert warned in-flight internet was often unreliable and was
unlikely to influence travellers' airline choices. "But it may be that BA and
IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable." The company told
the BBC it would be the responsibility of each airline brand to decide whether
to charge passengers an access fee. "Most people would find airport wi-fi more
useful than being able to send emails on a plane." 

It's like a super power sometimes. The scheme makes money through sponsorship
and advertising. 

The 10-week course has been "certified" by UK spy agency GCHQ. But some security
experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it.

Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers. Naturally China will be
presenting plenty of other military hardware this week from attack helicopters
to seaplanes. And with China set to become the world's biggest aviation market
in the next decade, the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its
ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence. 

"Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many," wrote Jesse LaBrocca,
founder of Hack Forums, in a message explaining why the section was being
closed. The "recent events" are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that
briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit, Twitter and Spotify as well
as many others. Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to
cause the disruption. 

A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the
levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C. Many scientists
say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the
Paris targets. "We are moving in the right direction: the Paris Agreement will
slow climate change, as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs," said
Erik Solheim, head of UN Environment. Investments in this area were up by 6% in
2015 to $221bn. It's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their
contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5-degree target. 

It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June. This will put
new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth
and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion. A telltale of
this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium. 

Just over 70% of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days -
just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66%. The
results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be
flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without
having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth.
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in
the experiment. 

"There is still a 'yuk' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other
people's body parts," she says. In China the hair is typically put in a chemical
bath to remove the cuticle completely, Tarlo explains. Throughout history, the
international hair market has always had a political dimension, says Tarlo. 

"Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam," the post reads.
Shenzhen's traffic police have opted for unconventional penalties before. 

Who are they? Much of the debate, from the Democratic side this year, has been
about white male identity. I asked her afterwards if she understood why people
might vote for Trump. Not everyone can rise above it. 

"Luckily, someone in Sony Australia was like, 'Hey, by the way, did you guys
notice this?'" says Pall. 

Seagal made headlines when he described Russia's actions in Crimea, which it
annexed in 2014, as "very reasonable". A keen guitarist, he played a concert
there the same year. Seagal, whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia's
far east, has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited
Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September. Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian
nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital
Belgrade. 

A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was "an exchange of words"
followed by an "altercation" but that no injuries had been reported. Cuaron,
whose last film was the Oscar-winning Gravity, was reportedly not on set at the
time of the incident. According to the city's police department, a fight broke
out after "a large group of people... who identified themselves as district
authorities" arrived on set on Tuesday. 

Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives
for around 20 years. He added: "This has been one step in a long journey of
finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception." 

However there are many MLAs with deeply-held religious beliefs who oppose any
new legislation. 

Researchers say analysing tumour DNA may help explain the underlying causes of
other cancers. The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes
smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA. However, they
could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder, which are not
directly exposed. Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke's
Hospitals in Cambridgeshire. But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh's right
lung is growing, and she has had to leave the trial. 

"If Donald Trump becomes president, the government here will still have to work
with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is, to ensure that Canadian
businesses and interests are represented in Washington." Trudeau will extend
that invitation to the 45th president of the United States, whoever he or she
may be. 

Despite the release of a photo this morning, police in B.C. say they have more
questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal
stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school. Police in B.C. said
earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague
details about his recent whereabouts. "We do not believe the suspect has ties to
this school, or to the two girls, or specifically to the Abbotsford area," she
said. He also said Klein was uncommunicative, uncooperative and unwilling to
walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing. 

The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to
be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in
unethical behaviour. He'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative
powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario (RECO), which regulates agents in
the province. Currently, the maximum fine RECO can levy against an agent is
$25,000. 

But China's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints
about toxic air in cities like Beijing, which can see day after day of
lung-choking smog. 

"We are seeing many, many countries and especially large new emitters like
Brazil, South Africa, India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of
playing a role in reducing emissions," said Guilbeault. He could also wait until
the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out
of the pact. 

Clinton and allies, meanwhile, are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump,
charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities, and his
temperament make him unfit for office. That's not what we need in our country,
folks. Trump's wife, Melania Trump, made her first appearance on the trail since
the Republican convention in July. 

Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about
what happened, but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her
friends. 

"This is a disaster for pain patients," Mailis said in an interview Thursday
with CBC News. "Physicians don't have these tools, they have only a prescription
pad and an injection," Mailis said. 

The Ontario Independent Police Review Director, Gerry McNeilly, set the terms
for his review this week after "alarming questions" were raised about how
officers interact with Indigenous peoples. The review is also investigating
inflammatory Facebook posts from September, alleged to come from police officers
in the northern Ontario city. 

The executives also received so-called "performance pay" for succeeding or
surpassing expectations, sharing a pot of $1.5 million among them, or an
estimated $15,000 each on average. Its annual budget is more than $1.4 billion,
and it employs more than 6,000 people. The federal government proactively
reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department, but
the latest web posting is for 2013-2014 — or two years out of date. The total
for performance pay and bonus that year was $1.5 million, about the same level
as for 2015-2016. 

Gomery, who led the commission of inquiry into the federal sponsorship scandal
between 2004 and 2006, said such bodies are essential to help restore public
confidence in the rule of law. That led to revelations over the last two days
that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police
surveillance operations. 

"There should be no preferential access to government, or appearance of
preferential access, accorded to individuals or organizations because they have
made financial contributions to politicians and political parties," the
guidelines read. The judge in Duffy's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately
ruled they were within the Senate's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges.

Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days. "It is amazing,"
reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month. He also pointed
out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor
their data usage. 

That's what keeps us coming back for more. 

"These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental
market upon completion, indicating the important role (domestic) investors play
in the GTA housing market." 

"This strain helps with back pain, this strain helps with nausea, this product
makes you sleep at night," says Dietrich from the company's headquarters in
Denver, Colorado, where pot is sold legally. But without a legislative
framework, and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood-altering folk
remedy, companies are left guessing. 

Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin, the
protein found in red blood cells that's responsible for transporting oxygen to
tissues in the body. The current waiting period is eight weeks. It's possible to
have normal hemoglobin levels, but to have low iron stores overall, says
Canadian Blood Services (CBS). The new iron guidelines mean more donors are
needed. 

What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother
Margaret Boemer, of Plano, Texas, was told her unborn child had a rare condition
and needed surgery to survive. A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that
develops before birth and grows from a baby's tailbone. It is the most common
tumour found in babies, occurring in one of every 35,000 births. 

She was 84 years old. He described her as a "remarkable" and "loving and
wonderful" woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories. 

"Some men get it and Bono is one of those guys," Leive said in a recent
interview. At just 20, she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one
in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty. "Her voice literally
went around the world," Leive said. 

As soon as the official party photos were released, social media lit up with
comments — and they were less than favourable. Many people, including Indigenous
groups, argue they trivialize First Nations culture. 

The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry
stakeholders and the public. This would not only apply to entertainment content,
but equally to education, to scientific research and, perhaps most importantly,
to political discourse. After all, the internet is not a luxury; it is an
essential tool. 

The debris formed a ring around the Earth's equator and was eventually drawn
together by gravity to form the moon. Still, there are questions left
unanswered. 

In the town of Hillsborough, just outside Chapel Hill, someone firebombed the
Republican Party headquarters last month. After North Carolina passed its
restrictive voting-rights bill in 2013, Campbell went around to churches
teaching people how to deal with challenges to their registration. He could
detect the effects of the election around him, in the bursts of conflict and the
curious intersection of new ideas with old ones. 

This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar, or
should be. Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that
their party is lousy at economic policy. “I don’t know what G.D.P. growth was
during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations, but the institutional
developments in those terms had large and long-lasting effects.” There are more
differences between Sulla and Trump, Rome and the U.S., than there are
similarities, but that doesn’t discredit the resemblances. 

And, she granted, “you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need
to do something different—we can do better—and where she has expressed regret.”

But, as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic, Karel became
more empathetic. “When I’m playing him, I feel powerful,” the Donald Trump
impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year. As the hysteria of
the 2016 Presidential election intensifies, a more troubling threat than
bullshit preoccupies Karel. 

They’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff. Then the commercial
ends. 

Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts—their main
concern. In a recent interview, Zay and Zayion described recording their version
of “Knuck If You Buck” on a home laptop. But challenges, and the songs that
score them, add a connective, traceable nervous system to the writhing mass of
grainy video loops. Their revivals underscore the appeal of a good challenge,
artistic or otherwise: discomfort, growth, and a meaningful connection. 

It would be much safer, Plato thought, to entrust power to carefully educated
guardians. Like many people I know, I’ve spent recent months staying up late,
reading polls in terror. Caplan dismisses retrospective voting, quoting a pair
of scholars who call it “no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile
does not flood.” 

But there was nothing else obviously artistic about her or in her behavior with
other people. 

In 2010, the foundation released a typeset edition of “Zettel’s Traum,” removing
the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft-like feel of the
photo-offset. Corresponding with Woods by e-mail, I tried my hand at uncovering
an etym. “Complete neglect of his own health,” his wife, Alice, reported. 

Each map in the exhibition tells its own story, not all factual. Also being
exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine
cold war battles and which were used in military college exams. 

The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven, where 62% of voters
backed leaving the EU. His skill in getting answers for taxpayers will be sorely
missed. 

Christian Wolmar, who has written a number of books on railway history, will
stand in the contest on 1 December. The Liberal Democrats, who represented the
affluent suburb until 2010, are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate
Sarah Olney. Meanwhile, the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her
campaign to take the seat. He was utterly gracious and took it like a man, I am
beyond furious. 

More than 330 crew are onboard the ship. Vega suggested that, because of their
age, many would be unaware of its history. People got killed there. 

A coal-fired power station in Badarpur, south-east Delhi, will stop operating
for 10 days, along with diesel generators in the city. 

He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House. He worked
for the BBC for a decade. One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line
which would have delighted Chris: “More African than you, I have not known.” 

Who can stop this Australia side? Was their divine right to the mantle as the
world’s best no longer warranted? 

They have one crack at redemption, beating England. South Africa are almost at
the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire. He has got
that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands. We have a great squad and it
is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward. You have to stand up to that
and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me. 

It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three
upturned cups. Australia, hardened by their recent games in the Rugby
Championship, were in a higher gear. 

A Donald Trump victory would immediately make the world more worrying and
unsettled than it already is. Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish
outlook, but this will be tempered by war-weary public opinion in the US. He’s
spoken in favour of torture. 

I also struggle with passwords. Then there are the so-called true stories that
get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath. 

Of course, I do understand that modern-day Germany must be separated from the
Nazi regime. 

In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think
it’s another assistant. Artists reach people at their heart; it’s the only time
we meet in one place and put our differences aside. His more unusual accolades
include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation,
and a place at Harvard Business School. 

I can just do that with my life. I wanted to watch it with them, but they
decided they’d rather watch it without me in the end. 

We can’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump, someone so racist, sexist and
incredibly unqualified to be commander-in-chief. 

“More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable
now, a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems.” 

Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose
jobs and living standards it might harm. In this context, railing against trade
makes sense. 

Theoretically, a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3% on £12,000 –
£360. Meanwhile, Bank of Scotland customers earn 3% on balances of £3,000-£5,000
when they add the free Vantage option to their account. With this, in theory,
you are able to access your money whenever you like. That 3% rate also applies
to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £15,001-£19,999 over a period of
between two and three years. 

Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth, but UK soils are
naturally deficient in this essential mineral. Fast forward to 2016 and this is
increasingly worthy of attention. Surprising as it may seem, even acid rain
clouds can have a silver lining. 

The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self-respect
to keep protesting against that fact. You end up listening more acutely for the
next noise and getting more irritated when it comes. That’s just legitimately
horrendous. 

It’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works, lives and breathes retro. I think
that’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour. Catalano moved back
to the area after living in London and then Glasgow, where he had studied
jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art. “I loved the tropical colours,” he
says. “I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent,”
he says. 

But, when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her, she laughs. 

Naturally, the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of
food. Wintour herself appears briefly, and is filmed putting her sunglasses on
before being interviewed. 

I looked at motocross and the more I looked, this one woman’s face kept coming
up, in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s. I love to play
with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so
interesting making a collection when I find one. 

At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off
the hook. Their head of nature policy, Jeff Knott, stated: “I’d be amazed if
either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it”. The RSPB’s stance
has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists, from the
author of the petition, Mark Avery, to the TV presenter Chris Packham. 

Let’s just say he’s wrong. And what about Australia’s position? On this, one
diary point in Morocco will be the middle Saturday, when developed countries get
to publicly question each other about their plans and ambitions. “We are
actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only
those with a real standing in a project,” he was quoted as saying. 

“Celtic Sea cod could collapse,” without the proposed limits, one EU official
said. But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod, sole, plaice,
megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas. Conservationists welcomed the
commission’s announcement. 

Only 50 were marketplaces. “Agora was invitation-only but many of these
marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search,” Dr Lee adds. 

They didn’t have them in our day, and people without children express through
their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting. I don’t call it a beast
lightly. Day three, I was back on the EMicro. 

The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the
skills needed to mount an effective defence. Companies may try to set up a
firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers, but it does not always
work. But they can at least lay booby-traps to confuse and deter – a concept
known as “active defence”. 

After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject, my list
had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union. I
spotted a few. My next stop was Bellingham, right up near the Canadian border. 

Back on the train, we continue southwards. A small town with two minarets glides
by. At each station, a red-capped guard presides over the platform and a
wheel-tapper walks along the train with a hammer, gently knocking the
undercarriage. 

Afterwards, browse at the morning market (6.30-10am): rice lollipops, wasp
cocoons (the pupae are considered a delicacy), buffalo lung, betel-nut bark and
leaves, live toads and catfish. 

The intervention is potentially the most far-reaching by Beijing since the 1997
handover of Hong Kong from the UK. The oath involves lawmakers swearing
allegiance to Hong Kong as part of the People’s Republic of China. The Hong Kong
government, which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers, have argued that the pair
should not take office. “Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to
prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city,” he said. Hong Kong,
meanwhile, appears to be bracing for a wave of protests. 

He told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show: “A general election is frankly the last
thing that the Government wants.” 

It is his dream to end his career here. 

To draw a game you have dominated is easy to brush off, but to do so three times
is a row suggests a weakness. We are so disappointed because we have dropped six
points playing at home. 

That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo
in April. But right now everything is out of kilter and he seems to be seeking
answers all the time. I also wonder whether the Davis Cup played a part. 

The annual survey also revealed that worries about taking on fresh financial
burdens has rocketed. Ms Hopley added: “The spike in political risk should not
go unnoticed.” 

News of the company’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions
of euros from VW's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job. It
has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims, legal action and has seen it
take more than €16bn of provisions. The probe began in June, focusing on Mr
Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess, who remains at the car maker. He was
promoted to chairman in October 2015, the month after the scandal was unearthed.

Businesses had expected to start contracting in July, immediately after the
Brexit vote, but instead have managed to keep growing steadily. Retail and
wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat, and consumer services
companies also grew. There will be limits to his ability to spend, however, as
the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit. 

The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as
usage increases. Eon’s fixed rate tariff costs £760 and Avro Energy customers
would pay around £760 for its Simple and Select tariff. Or is it an expensive
standard or prepayment tariff? 

An investor with average luck and £10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £125
in prizes per year. If they did, Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from
ordinary savings accounts. The money invested in Premium Bonds, and in other
National Savings & Investments accounts, is used to help fund Government
spending. 

This has not stopped investors flocking to put their money in the funds. It was
followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds,
into which investors put £2bn and £1.4bn respectively. This means that they have
not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas
assets. 

Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth's oceans by using the waste floating
around the world to make shoes. The consumer can boost the demand for change. A
major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050
unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas. 

After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab, I have made a full
recovery. 

Warning that the NHS was now under "enormous pressure," he urged the public to
take more responsibility for their own health. Four in 10 adults have been
injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can
get in the winter time. 

They will play on Saturday, 10 June. Last year was an incredible year and I’m
ready for us to come back even better in 2017. 

She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum-inmate in
Marat/Sade. The dress is contemporary. Where does all her energy come from? Or
that voice, which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves? Her neck
pushes forward in vein-accentuating confrontation, her hands shake. But having
allowed Glenda to score such a blinder, who can blame it? 

He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades. In
theory, if done right, it’s un-detectable. 

Drop the mic. According to the director's own count, to date he has made eight
feature films. "Cinema had changed so drastically that Hollywood had alienated
the family audience." 

From the director's point of view, the film is a precarious balancing act,
between cheery family hijinks and hard-hitting social drama. On one level, it
works as an amiable, unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor-made for Sunday
afternoon viewing. And, of course, there's Bob, a constant source of
entertainment. The result, then, is hardly the cat's pyjamas. 

To modern audiences, most of whom will have little experience of frontline
conflict, Doss’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable. Doss’s story
also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing. All the
medics were armed, except me. 

When Millican died, we assumed that was the last we’d see of glitchy, twitchy
Odi too. Is series two working so far? 

“Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this, so I treated it
like a drama,” Zimmer says. 

But Cotton’s dark deeds did not occur due to some sort of compulsion to kill.
Cotton was born on October 31, 1832, in a village near Sunderland. Perhaps it
won’t matter as I won’t be troubled long. 

No longer a throwback to the Seventies, flock – or coating a surface is material
– is flying again. London’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior
designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment. Of course, the tactile
trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things. 

Two years later, Jutting, now 31, is on trial at Hong Kong's High Court, charged
with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial. I don't know why
I chose her ... In Hong Kong's High Court, two years later, Jutting appeared
largely composed. 

After all, our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how
safe we are or how many rules we follow. As a result, many people quickly open
emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its
consequences. First, we must educate people on how to protect themselves better
online. Finally, we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches
and malicious emails. 

Voting has, in the vernacular of terror, become the new soft target. This is a
homeland security issue of the most existential kind. Tuesday is all about
getting out the vote, but it means nothing if a registered voter isn't on the
list. Enough of those, in a highly contested area, will lead to chaos election
day. 

North Carolina is ground zero in this election. Donald Trump is a pompous,
arrogant, entitled person that cares about himself, and his temperament is toxic
to the United States. 

More than 5.7 million Floridians have already hit the polls after about two
weeks of in-person early voting. The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in
absentee voting, and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week.

It's the election, of course, not "Game of Thrones." Martin has yet to finish
two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series, currently billed as "The
Winds of Winter" and "A Dream of Spring." 

The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their
electric motorcycle. A Harley-Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been
floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- aren't accurate. 

U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1%, alongside European markets.
Investors are selling out of government bonds, with U.S. and Australian bonds
feeling the biggest impact. He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the
mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China. But it only came
forward after the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency alerted the world to the
issue. 

China's insatiable appetite for fried chicken used to be a big reason why
investors loved KFC-parent Yum Brands. 

With help from the American Civil Liberties Union, they eventually challenged
the state, in a case that eventually went to the U.S. Supreme Court. As the
movie makes clear, the Lovings -- and Richard in particular -- were reluctant
participants in history. "Loving" opens with Richard and Mildred already a
couple, eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see, if
only in brief. 

Celebrities, fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like "Stranger Things"
characters this holiday. I hadn't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone
started lighting up. 

As one of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) top guys, he's afforded certain
freedoms. "Norman is one of my good buddies, so it totally sucked to see him in
that emotional state." New episodes are followed by after show, "The Talking
Dead." 

"In the cities where we've launched or are under construction, our work will
continue," Barratt said. The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of
capital expenditures for the unit. For now, analysts are hesitant to write off
the service for dead. 

In the Netherlands, authorities have taken a lower-tech approach to tracking
drones. 

Microsoft announced on Wednesday a new workplace chat tool poised to take on
industry darling Slack. There's also an option to send emoji, GIFs, custom memes
and stickers via the platform, and connect your Twitter feed. The move
highlighted the company's desire for users to start thinking of its products as
more than just productivity tools. But its latest effort into the workplace chat
game is a part of a larger trend from tech companies. 

Isner, who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and
forced a decider, also paid his tribute. "I have to congratulate Andy -- to get
to No. 1 in the world that's an incredible achievement," the American said. 

"Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament," read Brisbane's Nine
News. Two Australians, who by their own admission are terrible golfers, bluffed
their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea. 

Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always
return to where he felt was home. He kept on turning up at my barn and I joked
to the guy that clearly he didn't want to be sold. "Snowman didn't think
anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on
him," he adds. I was just a boy with muddy shoes. 

There is no parade and there never has been. It's an event Mexico hopes will
eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil. Alejandra González Anaya, one of the
parade's creative directors, explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the
time to put on such a show. "There are 1200 volunteers working for the parade
alone," González Anaya says. So it's wonderful to be able to rescue that and
bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans. 

By completing this maglev line, I think the government is expecting bigger
economical development in Japan. 

An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day. The Yas Marina
Circuit website has exact timings. For anyone who wants to see the capital in
all its glory, November's a great time to go. 

It's also fuelled the emergence of modern high-rises -- like the visionary
MahaNakhon, Bangkok's tallest building. Not all transformations in the region
have been successful. 

Buried 100 meters (328 feet) underground, the Pyongyang Metro is one of the
deepest commuter systems in the world. She spoke to CNN Style about the
experience. In Pyongyang I did see some people on their smartphones, but far
fewer. 

"But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and, to
some extent, blur the boundaries." When people die of old age in India, it is
supposed to be a celebration. Designed by Juan Carlos Salas, the award-winning
building has a sculptural appearance and every detail carries meaning.
"Architecture won't help deceased people, but it helps to keep their memories
alive among the living," he says. 

The charter allowed for the creation of a merchants' guild, run by the town's
burgesses to tax people passing through the borough. 

It is exceptionally rich in minerals, containing large deposits of gold,
diamonds, and ores of manganese, lead, zinc, nickel, cobalt and molybdenum.
Outside the extreme northwest, the taiga is dominant, covering a significant
fraction of the entirety of Siberia. The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted
by Krasnoyarsk. 

Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian
Ocean. Granite islands include Seychelles and Tioman and volcanic islands such
as Saint Helena. An example of a desert island would be the small islands off
the coast of Baja California, Mexico. 

The Greek city-state of Athens in the 5th century BC, which was dependent on
grain imports from Scythia, maintained critical alliances with cities which
controlled the straits, such as the Megarian colony Byzantium. 

Darius's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the
conquers in the Balkans. The Achaemenid troops conquered Thrace, the coastal
Greek cities, and the Paeonians. Eventually, in about 512-511 BC, the Macedonian
king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as
a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia. The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army
possessed many soldiers from the Balkans. Moreover, many of the Macedonian and
Persian elite intermarried. 

In 1912 was founded the first film company (Athina Film) and in 1916 the Asty
Film. In 2007 the most successful film was El Greco, directed by Yannis
Smaragdis. 

In July 1918, the Franco-Monegasque Treaty was signed, providing for limited
French protection over Monaco. The executive branch consists of a Minister of
State as the head of government, who presides over a five-member Council of
Government. Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and
surveillance boats. Current land reclamation projects include extending the
district of Fontvieille. 

However, there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern
Ireland and England and Wales. 

The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass
classification. While air mass identification was originally used in weather
forecasting during the 1950s, climatologists began to establish synoptic
climatologies based on this idea in 1973. A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing
wind which lasts for several months, ushering in a region's rainy season. 

A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the
Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD. At
the end of the 8th century, the Moravian Principality came into being in
present-day south-eastern Moravia, Záhorie in south-western Slovakia and parts
of Lower Austria. In 833 AD, this became the state of Great Moravia with the
conquest of the Principality of Nitra (present-day Slovakia). Their first king
was Mojmír I (ruled 830–846). Louis the German invaded Moravia and replaced
Mojmír I with his nephew Rastiz who became St. Rastislav. 

In addition, statute determines the election of assembly of regions, and
metropolitan districts. 

Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later
date (1918), very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the
Icelandic language. There are also languages derived from Finnish, having
evolved separately, known as Meänkieli in Sweden and Kven in Norway. Consonant
gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects, but it is not
present in south Sami, which is considered to have a different language history.

The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the
southern portion as the Transcaucasus. 

The atmosphere is a chaotic system, so small changes to one part of the system
can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole. During rains
precipitation, the water droplets absorb and dissolve carbon dioxide from the
surrounding air. A recent example of weather control was China's preparation for
the 2008 Summer Olympic Games. 

Shaped by global plate tectonic forces that have created the East African Rift,
East Africa is the site of Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya, the two tallest
peaks in Africa. The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt, but most
Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion
adherents. 

France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the
infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers, modifying the
system of forced labour. On 1 October 1961, the formerly British Southern
Cameroons united with French Cameroun to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon.
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56%
of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53% of children
aged 7 to 14 combined work and school. 

The Sahel's climate is similar to, but less extreme than, the climate of the
Sahara desert located just to the north. In June to August 2010 famine struck
the Sahel. 

Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores, and
were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea. It provided routes for
trade, colonisation, and war, as well as food (from fishing and the gathering of
other seafood) for numerous communities throughout the ages. Due to the shared
climate, geology, and access to the sea, cultures centered on the Mediterranean
tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history. Two of the most
notable Mediterranean civilisations in classical antiquity were the Greek city
states and the Phoenicians, both of which extensively colonised the coastlines
of the Mediterranean. Later, when Augustus founded the Roman Empire, the Romans
referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ("Our Sea"). 

The Blindleia is a skerry-protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in
southern Norway, and continues past Lillesand. In Danish, the word may even
apply to shallow lagoons. Like fjords, freshwater lakes are often deep. 

Alcoholic drinks like beer, mead, bjórr (a strong fruit wine) and, for the rich,
imported wine, were served. Whatever the rules were, the fights often resulted
in the death of one of the stallions. 

The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in
a hard winter, and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been
conquered by the advancing German army. This retreat came as a surprise to the
Austro-Prussian army, and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing
the evacuation. It resulted, however, in the abandonment of important pieces of
heavy artillery, and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to
Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation. News of the retreat came
as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to
be impregnable, and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command. The
Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since. 

The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million
tons in 1987. The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania (Tulcea
county), while its northern part, on the left bank of the Chilia arm, is
situated in Ukraine (Odessa Oblast). 

The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the
Sahara. It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent
topographic features do not parallel the coast. Northern Algeria is in the
temperate zone and enjoys a mild, Mediterranean climate. 

The first and foremost was the Ohio River, which flowed into the Mississippi
River. At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would
enter the Union as a free state or slave state. National reaction to the events
in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become. 

In color, the leaves show a great variety of greens, ranging from yellowish to
bluish. Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their
medical treatments. Christian churches in northwestern Europe and Ukraine often
used willow branches in place of palms in the ceremonies on Palm Sunday. 

The Alps provide lowland Europe with drinking water, irrigation, and
hydroelectric power. Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface
area of Europe, the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe,
particularly to arid areas and during the summer months. Cities such as Milan
depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff. Water from the rivers is used
in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants, generating as much as 2900 kilowatts
of electricity. Major European rivers flow from Switzerland, such as the Rhine,
the Rhône, the Inn, the Ticino and the Po, all of which have headwaters in the
Alps and flow into neighbouring countries, finally emptying into the North Sea,
the Mediterranean Sea, the Adriatic Sea and the Black Sea. 

The study of volcanoes is called volcanology, sometimes spelled vulcanology.
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content, so it often
does not reach the surface but cools at depth. They generally do not explode
catastrophically. 

Global warming has caused a change in the pattern of the rainy seasons. 

It contains a tiny lagoon, which has all but dried up. It was declared a
wildlife sanctuary in 1975. Investigation and expeditions to the island
continue. Such settlements probably began around 1000 BC, when eastern
Melanesians travelled north. 

During the family's years in Kentucky and Indiana, Thomas Lincoln worked as a
farmer, cabinetmaker, and carpenter. 

Habitat destruction vastly increases an area's vulnerability to natural
disasters like flood and drought, crop failure, spread of disease, and water
contamination. On the other hand, a healthy ecosystem with good management
practices will reduce the chance of these events happening, or will at least
mitigate adverse impacts. Agricultural land can actually suffer from the
destruction of the surrounding landscape. Over the past 50 years, the
destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately
40% of agricultural land worldwide via erosion, salinization, compaction,
nutrient depletion, pollution, and urbanization. Humans also lose direct uses of
natural habitat when habitat is destroyed. 

Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world
for gender violence. These plant families are still present in Papua New Guinea.

North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the
seven-continent model. Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to
the West Indies in 1492, sparking a period of European exploration of the
Americas. 

These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations.
Various private interests own the remaining land, totaling about one percent of
the state. This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime
high temperature is above freezing during the winter months. Numerous indigenous
peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European
peoples to the area. 

It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the
region. As Brisbane grew, the condition of the river worsened until at its worst
it was no more than an open sewer and waste dump. 1987 was proclaimed the "Year
of the River" by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time, Sallyanne Atkinson. 

Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the
land is not protected by a covering of vegetation. Dust storms usually start in
desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have
already been blown away. As a steady wind begins to blow, fine particles lying
on the exposed ground begin to vibrate. At greater wind speeds, some particles
are lifted into the air stream. When they land, they strike other particles
which may be jerked into the air in their turn, starting a chain reaction. 

However, in Thailand, urbanization has also resulted in massive increases in
problems such as obesity. 

Thunderstorms are rare, as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year.

By 1340, Cairo had a population of close to half a million, making it the
largest city west of China. Meanwhile, additional controls of the Nile fostered
development within Gezira Island and along the city's waterfront. 

Nevada's industrial outputs are tourism, mining, machinery, printing and
publishing, food processing, and electric equipment. 

The name "Caribbean" derives from the Caribs, one of the dominant Native
American groups in the region at the time of European contact during the late
15th century. After the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492,
the Spanish term Antillas applied to the lands; stemming from this, "Sea of the
Antilles" became a common alternative name for "Caribbean Sea" in various
European languages. During the first century of development, Spanish dominance
in the region remained undisputed. From the 16th century, Europeans visiting the
Caribbean region identified the "South Sea" (the Pacific Ocean, to the south of
the isthmus of Panama) as opposed to the "North Sea" (the Caribbean Sea, to the
north of the same isthmus). The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the
populations of Eurasia until 1492, when Christopher Columbus first sailed into
Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia. 

Unfortunately, rapid population growth and urban sprawl has covered much of
these ecosystems with development. Cape Town's local government is the City of
Cape Town, which is a metropolitan municipality. 

The essay, published as Undersea, was a vivid narrative of a journey along the
ocean floor. She also took advantage of her personal connections with many
government scientists, who supplied her with confidential information. By
mid-1962, Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing, and were laying
the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select
individuals for final suggestions. This brought the book to the attention of the
chemical industry and its lobbyists, as well as a wide swath of the American
populace. 

In the 1350s, King Gongmin was free at last to reform the Goryeo government when
the Yuan dynasty began to crumble. Since the 1960s, the South Korean economy has
grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed. 

It usually involves a low level of development, such as rustic picnic areas,
benches and trails. Australia's Royal National Park, established in 1879, was
the world's second officially established national park. First and foremost was
the provision of open space for the benefit of townspeople and local residents
within an area that was being rapidly built up. 

With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan
declared independence. But, the newly established Republic of China considered
Mongolia to be part of its own territory. Yuan Shikai, the President of the
Republic of China, considered the new republic to be the successor of the Qing.
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu
during the Qing, and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911, the contract of
Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid. The area controlled by
the Bogd Khaan was approximately that of the former Outer Mongolia during the
Qing period. 

In his haste to capture Kadesh, Ramesses II committed a major tactical error.
Indeed, the first scholarly report on the battle, by James Henry Breasted in
1903, praised the sources that allowed the reconstruction the battle with
certainty. 

Ramesses, logistically unable to sustain a long siege, returned to Egypt. The
Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru, well past Kadesh, in
Tunip, where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III
almost 120 years earlier. This time he claimed to have fought the battle without
even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began. 

The exact year of the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias is subject to
debate among scholars. Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time, Pilate
decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried. According to the New Testament, Paul
spent eighteen months in Corinth, approximately seventeen years after his
conversion. The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional
leap month had been introduced that year, but this was favoured by Newton. It is
possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand
years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze. 

Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been
settled. 

It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of
the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from
Latium into all Italy. 

Each poem narrates only a part of the war. In later ages playwrights,
historians, and other intellectuals would create works inspired by the Trojan
War. It was foretold that he would either die of old age after an uneventful
life, or die young in a battlefield and gain immortality through poetry. 

However this was reversed when Julian was killed in battle in 363. The last
Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393. 

Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an
administrator and government agent. In 1072, Shen was sent to supervise Wang's
program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the
capital city. Using an original technique, Shen successfully dredged the canal
and demonstrated the formidable value of the silt gathered as a fertilizer. He
gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the
Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075. The Khitans had made several
aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south, while manipulating
several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom's
demands. 

Medicine was also studied, especially in southern Italy, where Islamic medicine
influenced the school at Salerno. 

Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome
several times, but each time Augustus refused his requests. He seems to have
wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct
orders were rather vague, inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than
on passing his legislation. 

The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life, and they were
scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper. 

This was by boat from continental Europe. 

Cultic remains discovered at the site were a row of ten large standing stones,
known as massebot, oriented north-south, the tallest of which was 3 meters high,
with an altar-type structure in the middle, and a large, square, stone basin.
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated, but they may have
constituted a Canaanite "high place" from the Middle Bronze Age, ca. 1600 B.C.E.
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire, presumably in the wake of a campaign
by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III. The oldest known historical reference to
the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose's
temple at Karnak. The Tell Amarna letters, dating from the 14th century BCE,
include ten letters from the kings of Gezer swearing loyalty to the Egyptian
pharaoh. 

Thai birth certificates record the date, month and time of birth, followed by
the day of the week, lunar date, and the applicable zodiac animal name. Her
zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth
anniversary year was 1992. Thai auspicious colours of the day are given in the
table of weekdays, followed below it by a link to the Buddha images for each day
of the week. Chinese New Year and other feasts observed by Thai Chinese vary
with respect to both, as these are calculated according to the Chinese calendar.

In addition, he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia, building the Walls
of the Ruler in the East Delta region. He reigned only fifteen years, which is
evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions. Despite this,
they both seem to have held at least parts of lower Egypt. 

On September 9, 2002, Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext
of being interviewed for a Japanese children's television show on the subject of
space. Aldrin has been married three times. 

In 1519, he became ruler of the Habsburg empire, and he gained the title Holy
Roman Emperor in 1530. Charles, despite his harsh actions, had been seen as a
ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands. In 1566, a league of about 400
members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma,
to suspend persecution until the rest had returned. Its struggle against the
Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power
it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands. 

A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and
continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC.
The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon. Three
markings locate sunrise at the summer and winter solstices and at the two
equinoxes. Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon:
in summer, and in winter. Two measure the lengths of lunar months. 

Its importance resides in two facts. During the Post-Classic period in Yucatán a
third system was in use. 

The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the
various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances,
likely to be accidental, and suspect supporting evidence. But the impact of
Hispania in the newcomers was also big. During the first stages of Romanization,
the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes. By
the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a
short time. 

They had been so moved by the beauty of the Rudyard Lake area that when their
first child was born they referenced it when naming him. During his time there,
Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with
Trix at Southsea (to which Trix had returned). Stephen Wheeler, the editor,
worked Kipling hard, but Kipling's need to write was unstoppable. Back in
Lahore, some thirty-nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886
and June 1887. By this time, he had been increasingly thinking about the future.

Jin Ping Mei, published in 1610, although incorporating earlier material, marks
the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology. 

Higher male secondary school enrollment, per capita income and economic growth
rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war.
Specifically, a male secondary school enrollment 10% above the average reduced
the chance of a conflict by about 3%, while a growth rate 1% higher than the
study average resulted in a decline in the chance of a civil war of about 1%.
The study interpreted these three factors as proxies for earnings forgone by
rebellion, and therefore that lower forgone earnings encourage rebellion.
Phrased another way: young males (who make up the vast majority of combatants in
civil wars) are less likely to join a rebellion if they are getting an education
or have a comfortable salary, and can reasonably assume that they will prosper
in the future. Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance,
prompting armed rebellion. 

Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and
transform the empire into a more harmonious place. The Arab Revolt which began
in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front, where
they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the
war. 

It specifically discusses in several passages the socially and culturally
degenerative effects of war on humanity itself. 

Dominican priest Heinrich Kramer was assistant to the Archbishop of Salzburg. In
1538 the Spanish Inquisition cautioned its members not to believe everything the
Malleus said. Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church, and
theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to
Judaism. Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492; many of these
Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well.

The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus
(Mesta). Philip next marched against his southern enemies. In Thessaly he
defeated his enemies and by 352, he was firmly in control of this region. The
Macedonian army advanced as far as the pass of Thermopylae which divides Greece
in two parts, but it did not attempt to take it because it was strongly guarded
by a joint force of Athenians, Spartans, and Achaeans. Having secured the
bordering regions of Macedon, Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and
marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign. 

Catherine of Russia was also very satisfied. 

Throughout the war, Pearl Harbor was frequently used in American propaganda. 

This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of
his country. The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that
had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War.

This city-state emerged in the same period as Sukhothai. This contact with the
West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as
lucrative trade routes were established. 

The Army performed well in combat in Cuba. However, it was too oriented to small
posts in the West and not as well-prepared for an overseas conflict. It relied
on volunteers and state militia units, which faced logistical, training and food
problems in the staging areas in Florida. The United States freed Cuba (after an
occupation by the U.S. Army). By the peace treaty Spain ceded to the United
States its colonies of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines. 

The offensive against the huge army enlisted by Venice was launched from France.
By 1563, the population of Venice had dropped to about 168,000 people. 

Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and
history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an
intensive understanding of human behavior. 

There has, however, been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and
population data which includes women, especially in their childbearing roles. 

Most of the information about the period comes from burial sites and the grave
goods contained within them. At this time there were only around forty families
living there with plenty of good farming land and grazing for cattle. As Greece
sent out colonies west towards Sicily and Italy (Pithekoussae, Cumae), the
influence of their new alphabet extended further. 

Bananas and plantains, which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia, most
likely Papua New Guinea, were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as
5,000 years ago. Besides being a direct source of food, certain animals could
provide leather, wool, hides, and fertilizer. 

A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James
Watt. The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in
machinery. 

In the Second Messenian War, Sparta established itself as a local power in
Peloponnesus and the rest of Greece. 

Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the
international Car of the Century awards. The success American Motors'
compact-sized Rambler models spurred GM and Ford to introduce their own
downsized cars in 1960. 

This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still
unadvisable among friends to use the given name, but use of the family name is
still common. In the case of the imperial family, it is considered extremely
inappropriate to use the given name. Since Emperor Meiji, it has been customary
to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the
name of the era over which he presided. Prior to Emperor Meiji, the names of the
eras were changed more frequently, and the posthumous names of the Emperors were
chosen in a different manner. Outside Japan, beginning with Emperor Shōwa, the
Emperors are often referred to by their given names, both whilst alive and
posthumously. 

In Asia and the Pacific, between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians,
mostly Chinese (estimated at 7.5 million), were killed by the Japanese
occupation forces. In Europe, before the outbreak of the war, the Allies had
significant advantages in both population and economics. Land warfare changed
from the static front lines of World War I to increased mobility and combined
arms. 

British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training.
Some historians, such as Chandler and Weller, assert that the British heavy
cavalry were destroyed as a viable force following their first, epic charge. 

According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian
Ancestry in Roma is North-West India. 

Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined. Among humans
both males and females are ardent singers, and making music is mostly a communal
activity. 

In 1839, China found itself fighting the First Opium War with Great Britain
after the Governor-General of Hunan and Hubei, Lin Zexu, banned the foreign
trade of opium. China was defeated, and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the
Treaty of Nanking. Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain, and certain ports,
including Shanghai and Guangzhou, were opened to British trade and residence. In
1856, the Second Opium War broke out; the Chinese were again defeated and forced
to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking.
The treaty opened new ports to trade and allowed foreigners to travel in the
interior. 

Lamarr accompanied Mandl to business meetings where he conferred with scientists
and other professionals involved in military technology. Lamarr's earliest
inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would
dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink. She was offered several scripts,
television commercials, and stage projects, but none piqued her interest. 

Joseph Darnand, who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who
hunted down members of the Resistance, was executed in October 1945. De Gaulle
had instructed that there be no excessive displays of public affection towards
Churchill and no official awards without his prior agreement. 

The film chronicles the destruction of Carangi's life and career as a result of
her addiction to heroin, and her decline and death from AIDS in the mid-1980s. 

It was completed rather late in the war; although a number of B-29s were
equipped with Eagle and it worked well, it came too late to make much
difference. The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has
played a major role in aviation, most particularly in the post war Berlin
airlift, was Ground Controlled Approach (GCA). Using Alvarez's dipole antenna to
achieve a very high angular resolution, GCA allows ground-based radar operators
watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by
transmitting verbal commands to the pilot. The system was simple, direct, and
worked well, even with previously untrained pilots. It was so successful that
the military continued to use it for many years after the war, and it was still
in use in some countries in the 1980s. 

With population growth, new indigenous quarters were created. The Alliance of
Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in
April 1997. The high altitude serves to cool the climate, which would otherwise
be very hot. 

Failing health reduced Hitchcock's output during the last two decades of his
life. Hitchcock's films sometimes feature characters struggling in their
relationships with their mothers. Hitchcock preferred to work with the best
talent of his day—film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass—who
would produce posters that accurately represented his films. 

A mental clash gripped Herzl, between the craving for literary success and a
desire to act as a public figure. On March 10, 1896, Herzl was visited by
Reverend William Hechler, the Anglican minister to the British Embassy. 

During one episode, he is shown to be an adept guitar player. Lenny is a
persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women. On one occasion, it is implied
he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer. 

Deciding to pursue drama, Winstone enrolled at the Corona Stage Academy in
Hammersmith. Winstone met his wife, Elaine, while filming That Summer in 1979.
Winstone was declared bankrupt on 4 October 1988 and again on 19 March 1993. 

Disney also found out that Universal owned the intellectual property rights to
Oswald. Disney won another Honorary Academy Award, which consisted of one
full-sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes. 

This card gives an allowance that can be withdrawn from ATMs in order to buy
school needs such as books and uniforms. He also built and renovated five
traditional markets in 2013 and four traditional markets in 2014. However, his
rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory, leaving Indonesian citizens
confused. Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono
to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by
further removing subsidies. 

His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys
staging elaborate musicals. 

With advice from Alexander, he was able to work out a compromise: he would
attend a university, but would study literature. Barrie enrolled at the
University of Edinburgh where he wrote drama reviews for the Edinburgh Evening
Courant. He graduated and obtained an M.A. on 21 April 1882. Following a job
advertisement found by his sister in The Scotsman, he worked for a year and a
half as a staff journalist on the Nottingham Journal. He then returned to
Kirriemuir. 

Only 3000 copies were published of the first edition. By 2009, total sales of
The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three
million and five million copies respectively. Some Christian scholars criticize
Tolle's teachings, while others praise them. 

Between 1991 and 1997, she ran a school for children with learning disabilities.
Her latest non-fiction is about Margaret Douglas, Countess of Lennox. She found
the transition to fiction easy, explaining, "Every book is a learning curve, and
you have to keep an open mind." 

To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine, the filmmakers ultimately
decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio. With her
appearance finalized, Jasmine became Disney's first non-white princess as
opposed to being of European heritage. Thematically, Jasmine also represents
civil rights, racial tolerance, social hierarchy, as well as life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness. 

However, there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and
humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland. 

Really Really Love You was released in August and reach the top 50; "Shaky
Ground", the related single, appeared in September but Geyer was already in the
US. Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia, Geyer returned to live in
Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there. 

After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96, Thought 'Ya Knew
climbed to No. 31 in the UK, but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK.
Following her dismissal, Peniston took playing as Glinda the Good Witch in a
theatrical production of musical play The Wiz. 

Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more, before the House of Commons
resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner-up as the
victor. Grafton's government disintegrated in 1770, allowing the Tories led by
Lord North to return to power. George was deeply devout and spent hours in
prayer, but his piety was not shared by his brothers. George was appalled by
what he saw as their loose morals. In 1770, his brother Prince Henry, Duke of
Cumberland and Strathearn, was exposed as an adulterer, and the following year
Cumberland married a young widow, Anne Horton. 

Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers. By this time,
extravagant spending and a string of bad investments by her investors had left
her nearly broke. 

In June 2012, the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song "Fjögur
Píanó", starring LaBeouf, in which he appears nude. Louis Post Dispatch called
it one of LaBeouf's best performances. 

The car burst into flames, and Kenseth walked away. Elliott was attending his
father's funeral on the day of the race. In 2003, he dominated in the points
standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston
Cup champion, the last driver to ever hold that title. 

Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson
later described as "a major return to form". On a Wing and a Prayer (1992)
reunited him with his Stealers Wheel partner Egan on several tracks. It included
three tracks cowritten with Rafferty's brother Jim, also a singer-songwriter,
who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s. Rafferty recorded a new
version of his Humblebums song "Her Father Didn't Like Me Anyway" on the album
Over My Head (1994). These were the last two records Rafferty produced with Hugh
Murphy, who died in 1998. 

At least 330,000 people, including 10,000 technicians, were involved. Stalin had
begun to encourage Abakumov to form his own network inside the MGB to counter
Beria's dominance of the power ministries. 

The patterns presented by the data from the Petén region and Uaxactun allowed
for these sites to fit within the cultural development of the Maya lowlands. The
article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “peaceful” people
since they lacked apparent defenses. Sails are not represented in prehistoric
Mesoamerican iconography or texts, instead, it is theorized that canoes were
used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya. 

Starlin took over as plotter the following issue, and began developing an
elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos, and spread across a
number of Marvel titles. Concurrently in the mid-1970s, Starlin contributed a
cache of stories to the independently published science-fiction anthology Star
Reach. 

Through his grandmother, Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu. In
1955, Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions
per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life. Mishima espoused
a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life. 

In 2011, Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent
fragrance, Opium. Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing
in the Yemen, directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and
Kristin Scott Thomas. Also that year, she briefly appeared in Disney's The
Muppets, as Miss Piggy's receptionist. She starred in the 2012 film The
Five-Year Engagement, directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel.
In January 2011, Blunt began filming an American science-fiction film, Looper,
directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon-Levitt;
the film was released in September 2012. 

Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an
Arab man. Joseph Schenck was interested in casting his wife, Norma Talmadge,
opposite Valentino in a version of Romeo and Juliet. 

Lord Halifax, the Lord President of the Council, visited Germany privately in
November and met Hitler and other German officials. In addressing the Cabinet
shortly after German forces crossed the border, Chamberlain placed blame on both
Germany and Austria. In May, Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers
who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for
border controls. 

During this time, Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and
Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing. 

These were almost completely forgotten until after Smith's death. Another theme
of the Skylark novels involves precursors of modern information technology. 

As early as 1926, Meyer had written to Irène Joliot-Curie suggesting that Rona
work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples.
Once Hans Pettersson was able to secure funds to pay Rona's expenses,
Joliot-Curie allowed her to come and study polonium separation at the Curie
Institute in Paris. Rona developed an enhanced method of preparing polonium
sources and producing alpha-emissions. Gaining recognition as an expert in the
field, she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small
disc of polonium. This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium,
which were used in much of the Institute's subsequent research. 

During the 2013 off-season she appeared on CTV Montreal as a guest weather
anchor. She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani, but was
defeated. Bouchard suffered a shocking three-set loss. 

When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet, the 3rd Duke of York,
and had several offspring, including Edward IV and Richard III, Joan became the
grandmother of two York kings of England. John of Gaunt died in 1399. The knight
Lyvet was released and his follower thrown into the Tower. 

Not long ago he was divorced from the actress, Gloria Holden, but carried the
torch after the marital rift. He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart's younger
brother, a carefree playboy, in Sabrina (1954), played by Audrey Hepburn. 

He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle. The 1980
presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was
conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis.
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952, and gained 34
House seats, but the Democrats retained a majority. He recovered and was
released from the hospital on April 11, becoming the first serving U.S.
president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt. Reagan believed
that God had spared his life so that he might go on to fulfill a greater
purpose. 

Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and
stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition. A proper theology
would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal. 

Pebe moved the family to Nashville, Tennessee, in 1991 after securing a new
publishing deal for her songwriting. Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song "Stephen"
together when Kesha was 16, Kesha then tracked down David Gamson, a producer
that she admired, from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song. As of
August 2015, Kesha has released little information about her upcoming third
studio album. 

This time it reached him, but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to
be married to him. 

Wright was born in Poole, Dorset, but grew up predominantly in Wells, Somerset.
Wright has a brother, Oscar, who is a comic book artist, contributing
storyboards, conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar's films. Wright
is a friend of fellow director Garth Jennings, and made cameos in his films The
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Son of Rambow. 

The Great Powers did not fulfill the requests for recognition of Albania. At the
beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six
Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania. Instead,
they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an
autonomous government. After it became obvious that Ottoman Empire would lose
all of Macedonia and its territorial connection with Albania, the Great Powers
realized they had to change their decision. The Treaty of London, signed on 30
May 1913, partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania,
regardless its ethnic composition, between the Balkan allies reducing the
territory of Albania to its central regions. 

The officers were able to subdue the 53 year old during the act on Sunday
morning. 

King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial
oversight, Mohammed al-Jadaan. 

Oil, gold or food products, such as wheat, are natural resources, in which
investors invest billions worldwide. 

With 71 goals in 137 international matches, he has shot a record number of goals
for the DFB. 

With the help of debit card data, the Essen police are investigating four people
who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank. The spokesman did not
rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated. 

Because series 1 is no longer the old one, many users can save 100 euros. 

The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has
been anticipated in rumors. 

One doesn't know in which way both dramatists would have worked together. 

A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom, if at all, land after the 2 month
breeding period. 

According to Parker, Russian Secret Service agents are active in large numbers
in Great Britain. Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning
of October. The law delineates a number of conditions whose fulfillment could
bring the agreement back into effect: the USA would have to withdraw all of its
troops from countries who joined NATO after 2000, rescind all of the sanctions
against Russia as well as reimburse the costs that have been incurred as a
result of the sanctions. 

It is a political process and I have decided not to be present, so it was said.

If a Turkish employee quits, then the Turkish work councils come. 

From this point of view, stale structures and a self-satisfied elite are the
reason why the health system, education and foreign trade in the USA is in such
bad shape. 

Kühn can only shake his head. The newspaper "Die ZEIT" first inquired with the
real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency
in July. 

The witching hour starts up at least by the time the scary organ is played, such
as in the 60s hit Monster Mash. 

Von Beust justified the cost increases as lack of detailed planning. 

Simon Krätschmer gropes around alone through the dilapidated, sinister barrack.

That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an
entire field. 

Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued. 

It was August 30, 2015, as an army of ducks conquered the internet. The
smartphone generation received an app it deserved, where, in the best case
scenario, the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions. On the
other hand, Vine was art in six seconds. 

And now he is also world champion. 

For Kerber, the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable
year. After the sensation at the Australian Open, the 28 year-old lost for the
first time in the final game against Serena Williams. 

It is now only unclear, in which one. 

Do you argue with your alarm clock? 

It's clear: Men could have more responsibility in matters of contraception. 

According to Christian belief, a grave which had been embedded in the chalkstone
was the last resting place of Jesus. 

The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear. 

I was asked by the officers, in their inimitably dumb way, whether I knew the
writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives. 

The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is
convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean
surface - so that it would sink. The Australian experts drew new conclusions
from the investigation of a landing flap from Boeing that had washed up in
Tanzania in East Africa. 

The issue might not be over for Barroso. The exchange of Barrosos caused a big
stir. 

The current arrests are "a continuation of the shenanigans against us," said
Dündar. 

For the time being, the deal between Aoun and Hariri has brought the two enemy
factions closer together. 

The husband of the current candidate for the White House, Hillary Clinton,
pardoned a number of people, also including Rich, on the last day of his
presidency, January 20, 2001. 

Dündar warned Europe about having too much understanding for Erdogan's course. 

Adnan Z. Amin, General Director of the International Organization for Renewable
Energies (IRENA) is certain: "Offshore wind power can become the top power
generator in a global economy that is free of coal-based energy." 

The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up. One expects a
bump from the booming real estate market and increasing federal expenditures. 

The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially
eye-catching. 

Therefore the irksome signs will not completely disappear: According to
information from the news agency dpa, they will only be activated if, for
instance, the artist or record label is not a member of GEMA and does not have
an agreement with YouTube. 

The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones; they
can also lead to long-term impairment in the development of the adolescent
brain. 

It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the
National Natural Heritage as a nation-wide endeavor of the highest priority and
have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract. 

Unlike that of the 28th of October, Mr. Comey's letter has hardly been commented
upon. If his Democrat opponent were to be elected, he assured that she would be
'under investigation for years'. "If somebody can't handle a Twitter account,
they can't handle the nuclear codes," Obama mocked. According to the programme,
she will speak at 23.45. 

On Tuesday, the United States of America could elect the first female president
in its history. On the other hand, Ms. Clinton's relations with the continent
over the past twenty years leave much to be desired. 

The AKP's Islamic conservatives have taken this refusal as justification for the
questionings. A third-party majority is needed, specifically the votes of 367
MPs (out of 550), whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a
referendum. 

On Thursday, the 3rd of November, the mayor of Saint-Gaudens (in the
Haute-Garonne region) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with
the government formed in 2014. 

The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries, in which Rachida Dati
supports Nicolas Sarkozy's candidacy. In the message, the former Minister for
Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a 'fascist', 'Minister (moron) of the
Interior' and a 'thug'. 

What are the limits that could inhibit the expression of religious beliefs in
private companies? Even if the majority of situations that arise in the
workplace can be resolved without conflict. Are workers allowed to keep
religious objects on their desks? The Force Ouvrière union regrets that its
remarks on the content of the guide were not included: "There wasn't really any
consultation," said Ms. Gillard. The guide is problematic, firstly because it
has been developed "in the context of a state of emergency". 

This clause included the time taken to travel to clients' homes in working
hours. The two organisations launched an appeal which was thrown out by the
Court of Cassation on the 12th of October. It aims to take the journey time into
account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed, without
being able to measure the real journey time. The working time undertaken in this
first hour is more or less equal to 45 minutes. 

"ETA is on its way out," the French contingent revealed. 

He also remarked that "the existence of such a document could lead to
consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable". The French Digital
Council, which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology,
could also scrutinise it. 

According to Le Figaro, this government plan could free up 42 million euros, of
which 15.5 million would go towards security. France doesn't have a good
reputation. 

Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March, 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto; she
grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family, which was marked by the persecution
of her militant socialist father. Having always been close to the Catholic
Union, Tina Anselmi attended particularly to the rights of textile workers and
teachers. 

It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than
Madrid. It has been emphasised that we absolutely cannot continue with those who
are completely against Italy. We will evaluate whether and how to continue onto
the next section. 

The hit song is "Geronimo" by Sheppard. 

Those of age will be offered 500 euros by the state, to be spent by 31st
December 2017. A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone, or
presented at the till. 

From the 1st of January there will be an increase in petrol and diesel. The CGI
Mestre have stated in a note, that there will be no rise in VAT, for 2017 at
least. A level that in both cases is at the top of the EU. The latest figures
relate to the 24th of October last year, and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335
euros per litre, compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros. A
significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries
that adopt the single currency, which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre. 

Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to "the attitude of total
closure that the Bank has shown to us". As stated, the decision is the
prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on
its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives. This
is what has been written in a note to Mps after the decision of the ex-minister
to leave the party. It will go for assessment. 

Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took
place in Rome. This morning, Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at
Casa Santa Marta. 

Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can
'read thoughts' by helping to anticipate drivers' actions. One of the examples
of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to
compete with Valentino Rossi. 

In return, Uber will receive a billion dollar investment and a seat on the board
of directors of the Chinese company. More and more tech companies are calling
the shots more than ever before on Wall Street, even more than in Silicon
Valley. Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market
capitalisation, surpassing ExxonMobil. Leaders of companies such as Spotify,
Tesla, Uber and Snapchat will attend a private event in addition to the Mountain
View Summit. 

The president of the Community of Madrid, Cristina Cifuentes, represents the
most conservative, while leaders of the party, such as the Sectorial
Under-Secretary, Javier Maroto, represent the most progressive. Durán acts as
spokesman and Ángel Pintado as treasurer. 

For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped
below 20%, and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a
year ago. Its management, however, hasn't been devoid of criticism. The unions
have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of
the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of. This department now faces new
challenges. Furthermore, the Government will have to deal with another "hot
potato". 

The Minister of Defense has allowed her to remain General Secretary of the party
for now. The consulted sources have said that it is "100% Cospedal". In spite of
them, not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried
to send to them yesterday. Barón de Claret, the only one in Government with a
noble title. 

Pedro Sánchez, like many other socialists, said in the programme Évole that
Spain is a nation of nations. And what about the parties in what, in historical
rights? 

Federico Fellini once said: "The clown is to humanity as the shadow is to man".
He stands alone in front of the audience and, ultimately, he has to bring out
the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh. 

In the war films or cowboy and Indian films the battles, fights and beatings
were out of this world. Emphasis, fine irony, blunt innuendos and other well
used verbal devices fit into parliamentary oratory, but flicking at each other
and slapstick comedy do not. 

He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us. Perhaps that's why a surge
of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and
surrenders his mystery to the bound waters. And they must be greeted with an
open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and
hope. 

As a result, Trump isn't very worried about the Latin American vote at a
national level. The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans
will come out to vote in greater numbers, but it is unclear whether the increase
will have an impact. 

"There will be protests and other things, it's all already planned," the
opposition told El Mundo. Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the
victory in the Plaza de las Victorias. 

May has received great criticism for avoiding and not responding openly to the
media after the judicial ruling on Brexit. 

Founded in 1925 as games for everyman, the open air theater on the great steps
in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public. The festive dedication
took place on April 30, 1955. 

In 1882, a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in
operation. In 1992, grounds of the former puppet theater, which had been left to
the commune, were taken over by players and employees. This has to do with one
of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the
end of the Second World War. 

In 1832, the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by
the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory
there. The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s
emigrated primarily from Turkey. 

Among them is the former cloister from the abbey church of St. Peter and Paul.
The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and
was refurbished after the Thirty Years' War. There are different theories about
the reasons for leaving the place. 

Golden Gate Park, which is over four kilometers in length, offers a botanical
garden, planetarium, Japanese garden and an aquarium. It serves as a local place
of rest and relaxation for San Franciscans. The Yerba Buena Garden was built at
the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center.
It contains a monument to Martin Luther King, Jr. 

Since the 1960s, the city's economy has been in steep decline. During the 2010
general election, the Labor Party was able to win all seven voting districts. 

Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously
discussed. In April 2012, the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his
government's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to
it. The Ottomans wanted to prevent grain from being further transported because
they had a great need for it. The Ottoman Empire and Russia were denied
permission to keep their war fleet in the Black Sea. 

In its scope it belongs to the most far-reaching cultures of the time, in which
many sites are known. Like the majority of sites in southern Europe, the finding
dates back to the early 5th century BC. Likely the most well-known person from
the Copper Age is Ötzi, the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC. They were
primarily on hills. In addition, its process of gilding copper is
technologically noteworthy. 

The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the
Court and National Assembly in Versailles. The event was known about in Paris
and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently
high price of bread and lack of provisions. The king did not take special
precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his
stays. 

The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore. I declare the
first international Olympic games over. 

The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial
politics. 

The Industrial Revolution took place in Great Britain earlier than in any other
country. The Suez Crisis showed the limits of the old colonial powers such as
Great Britain and France in a changing world. After the seizure of power by the
National Socialists in 1933 there were dispersed attempts to win back the old
colonies. After the Russian Revolution in 1917, some countries, such as Finland,
Poland and the Baltic States, won their independence. 

One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing
general and free elections. After the Compromise, Emperor and King Franz Joseph
I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally. 

The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the
Reformation. Today, expansive ruins can be viewed there. The Rupertsberg
cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years' War in 1632 by Swedish troops.
The displaced nuns were moved to the Eibingen cloister. The ruins were later
built over. 

After these successes, he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with
his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden, where he lived until 2002. At the
Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens, Ulrich, as winner of the street race, pursued
the goal of winning his second gold medal. 

The censorship disposed of all undesirable opinions; participation in public
life had become practically impossible. The traces of blood on the clothes were
in the shape that they were reported to have by the news reports on the day of
the murder. 

Weiss was honored with the literature prizes from the cities of Cologne and
Bremen. 

Privately as well as publicly, Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with
the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel. The chalet burned completely
down. In the following year, 1977, he received the distinction of the American
Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA. 

The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city's social
housing, where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of
immigrant origin. The history of Carcassonne is directly linked to that of its
fortified city. 

In the early 2000s, there were five doctors per 100,000 inhabitants. Amnesty
International cites newspaper articles from 2008 describing the murder of fifty
people accused of witchcraft. 

Von Bellingshausen sighted Antarctica on the 27th of January 1820, three days
before Bransfield sighted land, and ten months before Palmer did so in November
1820. In the Endurance expedition in 1914, the British ship Endurance, captained
by Sir Ernest Shackleton, set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic.

This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law, the institutions of the Roman
Republic and the mos maiorum. However, Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in
order to attend to business in southern Italy. 

In the 8th century BC, Greece began to emerge from the Dark Ages which followed
the fall of the Mycenaean civilization. Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean
script forgotten, but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet, modifying it
to create the Greek alphabet. From the 9th century BC, the first Greek texts
began to appear. Greece was divided into many small, self-governing communities,
a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography: every island, valley and plain is
cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges. From about the 8th
century BC city states began to appear: small, self-governing territories with
their own political systems. 

In the Middle Ages, most Christians did not have access to the Bible in their
mother tongue. 

However, they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built.
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the
Mediterranean, a technique that had not been used until then. 

This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical
revolutionary. In Pluviose year III (January-February 1794), easing off the
pressure of the Reign of Terror, he took various measures to liberate the
suspects. 

Financed entirely with Bernard Tapie's own money, these schools were closed in
1994 when he was declared bankrupt. Despite being the number one distributor of
equipment and textiles worldwide, the German company was in financial trouble. 

To get away from it all, the Remis resided in Switzerland for most of summer
1947. On their return, they entertained the idea of living in South America, far
away from the problems of postwar Belgium. In spring 1948, in hopes of adapting
Tintin for the cinema, the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney, asking
in vain for his support. In the summer, Georges and his wife returned to
Switzerland, accompanied by Rosane, an 18 year old who was the daughter of one
of Germaine's friends. During the holiday, he began an extra-marital affair with
the young girl, which he admitted shortly after. 

In the lower part, there are three palm trees overlooking the sea, which
represent the love that the people of this Island have for their land.
Furthermore, the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the
summer. The islands are located at the Indo-Australian Fault; the Fault arose
due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates. 

An element supporting this hypothesis would be the intense royal livestock of
horses that took place at Villa Pelucca, in Sesto San Giovanni. In 1928, a
90-hectare golf course was built in the north-eastern part of the park, next to
the racetrack. In 1976, the racecourse was no longer used; in 1990, a fire
destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands, which were later demolished
along with the stables. 

In August 1969, Pope Paul VI removed the death penalty from the Vatican law and
revoked it from all offences. The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic
in nature, with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors. 

The inner part of the region is flat and hilly, with no clear distinction
between one area to the next. There are many prehistoric artifacts, including
several different menhirs and dolmens. The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal
Region was then established, also including Samnium, parts of Molise and the
oriental Basilicata. During the thirteenth century, the name Apulia was used by
some authors to signify the southern part of the Italian peninsula. 

Historian David Crouch suggests that Stephen abandoned from the challenge around
this time to focus on other issues. Only a handful of them (earldoms) had
existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic. 

During the War of the First Coalition, light quickly began to be shed upon a
young Corsican artillery officer, following the French Revolution: Napoleon
Bonaparte. Although not a resolver of the conflict, the French victory at the
Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time. The
blockage of Villeneuve's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the
British Isles, also because new developments were taking place in the continent.
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a
general peace treaty, but his hopes were soon dashed: the new British Prime
Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement, and so did Tsar Alexander. 

With regards to religious practices, Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal
Church, and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life. 

The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming, as he and
Walter had predicted; it is for this reason that Olivia, among others, was
trained as a child. 

Both students of Goffredo Petrassi, Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the
Santa (Saint) Cecelia conservatory. Between them bloomed a long professional and
amicable relationship that lasted for years. Nicolai collaborates on various
cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti, one night at dinner; some of them were
written by both together. However, the friendship has fallen apart due to
unofficial collaborations between the two, which has given rise to legal
disputes. During their various collaborations, it is not clear who between the
two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on
characterised both artists' style. 

In the 20th century, between 1904 and 1914, Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform
that lasted ten years. It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many
lateral chapels between the buttresses. Tradition has it that the theme was
selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived
in Palma. 

Before the Andes were formed, the western margin of South America had already
been the site of several orogenies. The central Andes belong to the so-called
'Andes de tipo andino' which were formed by the subduction of the oceanic crust.

However, the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the
progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in
1879. Under his administration, the female vote was approved, political parties
were legalised, all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining
political prisoners were freed. The collapse of and intervention in dozens of
banks lead to a flight of capital, causing businesses to go bankrupt. 

It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary, the
imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the
lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa. 

Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command
of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of
New York. This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to
get their independence. Indians arrived from Canada, led by Joseph Brant; they
supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of
their lands. The expedition was led by General Joseph Burgoyne who intended to
reach Albany. However, they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman,
close to the Hudson River. 

Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that
constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish. On the other
hand, external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers,
their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language. 

Nonetheless, if the English law had been accepted, the daughters of Luis X,
Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne, above their
aunt Isabella of France. The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of
1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan: an invasion of the entire Kingdom
of France. 

He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires, the extension
of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army. 

In 1976 he met with a friend who worked with his record label The Rocket Record
Company, Kiki Dee, to record what would be another remarkable success for him:
"Don't Go Breaking My Heart". 

Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally,
an act that, as was predictable, took advantage of the Caesarians who were in
his favor. César was personally informed of Pompey's actions by Curio, who at
that time had finished his term in office. Meanwhile, his place in tribune was
occupied by Marco Antonio, who held the position until December. But when the
Senate answered him definitively by prohibiting him from competing at the
consolate and giving him the option of either withdrawing his troops or becoming
a public enemy, he understood that, whatever alternative he chose, he would
surrender unarmed into the hands of his political enemies. On the 1st January 49
BC, Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared
himself a friend of peace. 
